20 Things We Learned From Jay-Z’s Twitter Q&AJay-Z lied when he said he was done tweeting for the year. On the eve of the worldwide release of Magna Carta Holy Grail, @S_C_ returned to Twitter to hold a lengthy Q&A session with fans. Instead of talking to the press, the Roc Nation mogul ...Alec Baldwin says Twitter rant not homophobicNEW YORK, June 29 (UPI) -- U.S. actor Alec Baldwin has apologized for calling a journalist a "queen" but he said the attack had "nothing to do with issues of anyone's sexual orientation." Baldwin's wife, Hilaria, came under fire Thursday from ...Amanda Bynes Calls Barack and Michelle Obama "Ugly" on TwitterIt looks like nobody's looks are safe from being judged by Amanda Bynes. Not even the President of the United States and the first lady. While it's not clear what prompted the remark, it is just the latest in a string of "ugly" slams made by the ...Amazon Blu-ray Deal of the Week: Warner Bros. Fifty-Film CollectionAmazon's Blu-ray Deal of the Week affects the Best of Warner Bros. Fifty-Film Collection. Through July 13th, Amazon is offering the set for $184.99 (a 69% discount from its MSRP of $597.92). In celebration of Warner's ninetieth anniversary, the collection ...Amazon Book Editors Announce the Best Books of 2013 So FarAlong with an overall Top 20 list, customers looking for great books to read this summer will find Top 10 editors’ picks lists in 20 categories, from Cookbooks, Food & Wine to Children’s & Teens to Romance. The Best Books of the Year So Far ...Amazon Deal of the Day: 55% Off Justice League: The Complete Series – $44.99 + FREE ShippingGet all 91 episodes of Justice League and Justice League Unlimited on 14 discs. In this action-packed adventure series, the world’s greatest superheroes, including Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, The Flash, Hawkgirl and Martian ...Amazon discounts 3DS, Mac and PC gamesAmazon is throwing a couple of tasty sales at the moment, including a huge summer sale for Mac and PC games. As spotted by the denizens of NeoGAF, many 3DS titles are on the cheap at the moment on the mega-retailer. Unfortunately, stock of some ...Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7" Deal: July 4th Sale Saves $30 (Update 2)Update: It is now the day after July 4th and Amazon is still selling the Kindle Fire HD 7" tablet for $30 off its usual price. This is either the last day for this limited time offer, or it will run through Saturday or Sunday. In the market for ...Amazon’s Kindle Paperwhite is a Killer New eReader - TapscapeAmazon’s new Kindle also makes reading even quicker, with pages that turn 15 percent faster. The battery life in the Kindle Paperwhite is nothing short of amazing at 8 weeks (with the light on), reading for half an hour per day. The Paperwhite itself ...Anna Wintour Graces The Twitter World With Her Presence & More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS)Whew, what a week it's been on Twitter! There was so much news this week and, of course, all our favorite Twitter celebrities were there to joke, reflect, or rant about all of it. First things first: Anna Wintour, high priestess of fashion, was ...Author Ravinder Singh Does A Google Hangout With His Fans For ‘Like It Happened Yesterday’Social media is slowly equating to promotions. Nothing wrong in it but the success depends on how well you promote rather than ending up as spam. Ravinder Singh, a popular Indian author who came into the limelight after he released his first book “I Too ...Back Amazon.ca Kicks off Summer Reading Season with Best Books of the Year So FarCaught by Canadian novelist Lisa Moore earns No. 1 spot in the Amazon.ca Book editors’ list of best books released in Canada (so far) Just in time for summer reading season, Amazon.ca Book editors today unveiled their annual Best Books of the Year So ...Bada Bing! – Tony & BasharYonatan Sredni was born and raised in northern California (Palo Alto), but has lived in Israel since 1994; He has a BA in English from San Diego State University and an MA in Creative Writing from Bar-Ilan University; His short stories, many of which ...Bada bing, Gandolfini lives onJames Gandolfini will always be remembered as Tony Soprano, yet the masterful character actor's sudden death leaves us with a number of projects set to be released posthumously, some of which may now get a larger release. The 51-year-old actor had been ...Bada Bing Businesses Mourn GandolfiniNew Jersey businesses made famous by HBO’s “The Sopranos” expressed shock and sorrow at the news James Gandolfini died Wednesday at age 51. The owner of Holsten’s, the Garden State restaurant where the show filmed its iconic final scene ...BBC America going social with The Stig via branded 'Top Gear' Twitter videoRemember that whole Twitter-sanctioned "in-Tweet branded video" BBC America hinted at back in April? Well, we've got some more info -- and it's coming a few hours ahead of the partnership's debut. Tonight's BBC America premier of Top Gear will ...Big Brother 9: 'Til Death Do You Part: Jen's TakeThere is a little clip of Matt and Natalie kissing in bed, along with Matt being kind of rude ... come on Big Brother there has to be more going on. I am done with the "lesbian" drama and the Joshua being rude - please give us something else!Bing's the thing: Cold Cherry Soup refreshing in hot weatherEnter your favorite recipe & you could win gift certificates from Ray's ShurSave in Old Forge. Don't automatically set aside those fresh cherries for pie. For instance, did you know they make a delicious summer soup? That's right. Soup.Bing & Ruth to play first Seacoast show July 3“I wouldn't say there is any specific goal in making this music,” said Bing & Ruth founder David Moore. “We've always played it and worked on it out of our personal love for the project. I put the band together seven years ago with little ...Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert News UPDATE: 'Mama's Broken Heart' Songstress Leaves 'Boys Round Here' Songster to 'Play with Himself' on Twitter?That tweet has yielded over two thousand retweets and favorites in less than a day so far. Shelton has done some pretty incredible stuff lately. He has had to get scorpions and snakes out of his home, he has won for the third year in a row on ...Blink 182 New Song RUMOR: Mark Hoppus' Twitter Hints About New Single [VIDEO]Mark Hoppus is a very active guy when it comes to social media, he is constantly tweeting about his life and facebooking too. He even used twitter to let the world know what he thinks of people who use facebook incorrectly. people who sort their ...Bob & Bing come to life in Fort MorganFriday night at the 2013 Viaero Glenn Miller SwingFest brought "two of the biggest has-beens in show business" to Fort Morgan -- or so joked Chuck Carlson in announcing Bob Hope and Bing Crosby's show. The Bob & Bing Road Show starred Lynn ...Caggie Dunlop rocks a tie dye top and matching mini skirt at Yahoo! Wireless pre-party - love or loathe?When former Made in Chelsea posho Caggie Dunlop isn't busy sticking up for her cheaty mate Spencer Matthews, she also enjoys stepping out for a cheeky middle of the week party so she can hang out with a bunch of other celebs. Well, Cags turned up to Yahoo!Capital One Told To Dump Alec Baldwin After Homophobic Twitter RantAs previously reported by Towleroad, Alec Baldwin came under fire last month after using homophobic language to threaten a reporter from the Daily Mail on Twitter. Baldwin subsequently deleted his Twitter account, explained himself in a Gothamist interview ...Carrie Underwood Admits She Loves Blocking Twitter TrollsBeing innocent doesn't keep you out of the way of drama in Hollywood or Nashville though! Carrie still has to deal with those Taylor Swift and Faith Hill jealousy and rivalry rumors that seem to never go away! Click here to find out what she ...Country music festival planned Aug. 16-18JEFFERSON -- The Maine Academy of Country Music will hold its Seventh annual Country Grass Festival, starting at 4 p.m. Friday, Aug. 16, through Sunday afternoon, Aug. 18, at Broken Acres. There is a covered pavilion, a snack bar, and a covered ...Deion Sanders Divorce Finalized: Twitter Advice To Men To Not ‘Choose A Woman With Your Flesh’ But With ‘Your Spirit And Heart’Deion Sanders, former Dallas Cowboy football player and Hall of Famer, finalized his divorce from Pilar Sanders 18 months after filing for the split in Collin County's district court. But according to Pilar Sanders' attorney, Larry Friedman, the ...Dwell on Design show: Yahoo! Homes’ top picksIf you love the rustic look of a wood ... by 5 inches, can bear a little more than a pound and costs $15; the largest, about 10 by 10 inches, holds up to 14 pounds and costs $35. Each 10-by-10-inch wall plate costs $15 and comes with bracket, screws ...Dwight Howard to Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles and More: Twitter SpeculationDwight Howard has signed with the Dallas Mavericks, Houston Rockets and Los Angeles Lakers all at the same time. Can Twitter really keep up with Howard and predict where he'll land? Recent speculation on Howard is that he's leaving Los Angeles and finding ...Emmys Taps Yahoo! as Digital PartnerWill Present Live Streams from Red Carpet, Other Content from 65th Primetime Awards The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences has selected Yahoo to be the official digital partner for red carpet and other behind-the-scenes content for the 65th Primetime ...Emraan and Vidya Talk Ghanchakkar on Google HangoutCheck out what happened when stars Emraan Hashmi and Vidya Balan took to the air on Google Hangout. The two shared their experiences with their fans about working on and playing the characters of Ghanchakkar! In theaters now, the Rajkumar Gupta ...Escape to Hawaii With Hula at the Bing | Arts & CultureTake an escape from the crowds of Hoopfest and travel to Hawaii with the Halau Hula O' Ku'ulei. The Hula dancers are bringing the Island to Downtown Spokane with their Hoi'ike, or exhibit, of Hawaiian culture at the Bing Crosby Theater on Friday night.EXHIBITIONS IN SIGHT for Art Matters (French Twist)The fifth area of the show is called “The Lower Classes.” Exercising an acute sense of human consciousness, several of the artists included in the exhibition, such as Ilse Bing and André Kertèsz, aimed their lenses on the existence of poor ...Explore Harry Potter film set on Google Map's Street ViewMumbai: Google has now come up with a way for Muggles and Wizards alike to visit Diagon Alley, without have to shell out a lot of Galleons to get to London. The search engine giant has added the well known alley on Google Map's Street View.Geek Like Me: “Harry Pottter” Google Street View, “The Walking Dead” Game, Cheap iPhones, MoreThe long Fourth of July weekend is done, Pride hangovers are finally over, and the beaches have emptied. Of course, if you prefer the gentle, Catwoman-like purr of the air conditioner there’s still plenty to check out: Who needs the beach when you can ...Generation GoogleThe iPad has enabled them to learn far greater than what I did when I was growing up. Information is at their fingertips, they are definitely the Google generation. Though, boys will be boys. Tonight while I was cooking dinner, I could hear them ...GOOGLE CATCHES PLAGIARIZING EDITORINDIANAPOLIS, Ind. -- "Writer's don't have feuds anymore," said Karl. What are you talking about? I said. We were sitting in a writer's bar called, predictably enough, First Edition. We had run out of internationally-themed bars, ever since Hey Mann, the ...Google celebrates gay pride with rainbow-coloured Easter eggGoogle has inserted an Easter egg in it’s search field to celebrate Gay Pride festivals. If you type in “gay pride,” “homosexuality,” “pride parade,” “Toronto pride,” “New York Pride,” “Stonewall,” “Stonewall Riots ...Google Commemorates Roswell UFO With Interactive DoodleRoswell, N.M., is the birthplace of Demi Moore, home to the Anderson Museum of Contemporary Art and the landing spot for Felix Baumgartner's free-fall at the edge of space. But it's main claim to fame is it's the place where the United States ...Google remembers RoswellGoogle has rolled out a Google Doodle game to commemorate the Roswell incident. The Roswell incident of 7 July 1947 saw an object crash near Roswell, New Mexico, with US forces initially reporting that a "flying disk" was recovered. However, later ...Google Science Fair 2013 Finalists Announced, Make Us Feel Tragically UnaccomplishedFirst started in 2011, the Google Science Fair seeks to encourage young students around the world by offering them the opportunity to develop science projects and share their findings online. Today they announced this year’s finalists, whose ideas are ...Google Search/Now Updated With Support For More Voice Actions, Integrated Offers, And TV Show Information In The US [Update: APK]The most notable new features here are of course TV show information and voice actions to play music. The former will require an internet-connected TV on the same network as your device before it'll be able to pull the info, and unfortunately it ...Google Street View Conjure Up Diagon Alley UpdateWhile to the untrained eye the popular ‘Google Street View’ service on Google Maps might only seem like a chance to browse the suburban streets of the world’s wealthiest nations, the mapping platform does offer a lot more that isn’t missed by all ...Harry Potter’s Diagon Alley Is On Google Street View!I don’t know how the wizarding world feels about us muggles being able to lurk their universe now, but that’s not our problem. You can now take a virtual tour through the Diagon Alley set that was used in the Harry Potter movies! Visiting ...High Praise for Ron Felber's New Thriller "A Man Of Indeterminate Value" Now Available at Barnes & Noble and AmazonNEW PROVIDENCE, NJ--(Marketwired - July 08, 2013) - Ron Felber delivers a nail-biting tour de force featuring a world of corrupt corporations, perverted values, and a hero struggling for salvation. Acclaimed writer Ron Felber is once again captivating ...I think Twitter is low and cheap, says Imran KhanNew Delhi, June 30 -- It's been three years since Imran Khan quit Twitter, and he is not joining it back ever again. The actor, who visited HT City on Saturday, while on a trip to the city to promote his film - Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai Again, vent his ...Jack Black Returns to Comic-Con for a Paranormal Panel on Yahoo!'s Comedy Series "Ghost Ghirls"Back in Black at Comic-Con. Shine America and Yahoo! will bring the ultimate paranormal experience to this year's Comic-Con International in San Diego, California. The one and only Jack Black –actor, comedian, Tenacious D'er-- will return to ...James Gandolfini To Be Honored At Original ‘Bada Bing’ Strip Club – EXCLUSIVEAs condolences continue to pour for James Gandolfini who passed away on Wednesday, planning is also underway for a star-studded tribute at the original Bada Bing! RumorFix has just learned exclusively that the Statin Dolls strip club in Lodi, NJ ...Japanese Island That Inspired Skyfall Now on Google MapsNagasaki is among the more unique places in Japan. It is most famous worldwide for being the site of the second atomic bombing which ended World War II, but the city has a long history intertwined with Western influence that gives it a sense you ...Jay-Z Breaks Twitter Silence, Slams Miley Cyrus in the ProcessThe reason? A rare, impromptu Q&A session with fans. Twitter confirmed that Roc Nation said Jay-Z is tweeting and the account has not been hacked, as some fans had speculated. Surprisingly, Jay-Z spent hours responding to questions from fans.Jay-Z’s Day-Long Twitter Chat: Miley Cyrus “Is A God” + More Random Musings8 Ridiculous Music Mashups On The Internet The Best Celeb Makeup Secret Blue Ivy's Friends React To Jay-Z's New Album Check Out The Best Justin Bieber GIF Ever 10 Reasons You Need To Join A Boy Band Taylor Swift's Bikini Sweetly Suits Her The Best Celeb ...Jay Z Dead Presidents 3 Debunked in Twitter Rant [LISTEN]Unfortunately, the mythical Dead Presidents 3 turned out to be just that--a myth. According to Just Blaze, the track has essentially been released. The producer said two of Jay-Z's verses from the song were used for another record and the third ...Jay Z Talks New Album, Favorite Cereal and Miley Cyrus in Twitter ChatLess than 24 hours before the release of of his new album, "Magna Carta Holy Grail," Jay Z took to Twitter to answer a few personal questions from his fans - and many of them, he said, cracked him up. "#mylaugh" became the tagline for many of ...Jill Soloway signs on to new Amazon ventureAmazon continues to beef up its TV programming slate — and has signed comedian-writer Jill Soloway to star in a new show, according to deadline.com. Soloway, who worked on HBO’s “Six Feet Under” and Showtime’s “The United States of Tara ...Judge orders rapper to get Twitter etiquette lessonsTweets are the soundbites that you don't even chew over. Before they even come into your ... And yet one Philadelphia judge decided that Meek Mill, a rapper who hopes for an immodest future, needs a little help with his 140-character pronouncements.Julie Anne San Jose beats Sarah Geronimo in Yahoo!OMG's 'Female Performer'So if you are a fan of the total performer and most in-demand commercial endorser, just hit this link for you to vote. This is your chance to chase the lead of Julie Anne San Jose in the "Female Performer of the Year." Meanwhile, "Popsters" are still ...Kavinsky Game Lands on Google Play, French House Music and Ferraris ForeverWhat puts the game over the top is that the soundtrack is nothing but music from Kavinsky’s new album. Solid. The game is free to download from Google Play, so if you’re a fan, there is no reason you shouldn’t check it out.Lady GaGa twitter shutdown ahead of new album announcementLady GaGa has shutdown her Twitter profile ahead of the release of her third studio album. The singer is currently the most-followed female on the social networking site, but has decided to temporarily ‘shut down’ her profile ahead of a possible ...20 Things We Learned From Jay-Z’s Twitter Q&AJay-Z lied when he said he was done tweeting for the year. On the eve of the worldwide release of Magna Carta Holy Grail, @S_C_ returned to Twitter to hold a lengthy Q&A session with fans. Instead of talking to the press, the Roc Nation mogul ...Alec Baldwin says Twitter rant not homophobicNEW YORK, June 29 (UPI) -- U.S. actor Alec Baldwin has apologized for calling a journalist a "queen" but he said the attack had "nothing to do with issues of anyone's sexual orientation." Baldwin's wife, Hilaria, came under fire Thursday from ...Amanda Bynes Calls Barack and Michelle Obama "Ugly" on TwitterIt looks like nobody's looks are safe from being judged by Amanda Bynes. Not even the President of the United States and the first lady. While it's not clear what prompted the remark, it is just the latest in a string of "ugly" slams made by the ...Amazon Blu-ray Deal of the Week: Warner Bros. Fifty-Film CollectionAmazon's Blu-ray Deal of the Week affects the Best of Warner Bros. Fifty-Film Collection. Through July 13th, Amazon is offering the set for $184.99 (a 69% discount from its MSRP of $597.92). In celebration of Warner's ninetieth anniversary, the collection ...Amazon Book Editors Announce the Best Books of 2013 So FarAlong with an overall Top 20 list, customers looking for great books to read this summer will find Top 10 editors’ picks lists in 20 categories, from Cookbooks, Food & Wine to Children’s & Teens to Romance. The Best Books of the Year So Far ...Amazon Deal of the Day: 55% Off Justice League: The Complete Series – $44.99 + FREE ShippingGet all 91 episodes of Justice League and Justice League Unlimited on 14 discs. In this action-packed adventure series, the world’s greatest superheroes, including Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, The Flash, Hawkgirl and Martian ...Amazon discounts 3DS, Mac and PC gamesAmazon is throwing a couple of tasty sales at the moment, including a huge summer sale for Mac and PC games. As spotted by the denizens of NeoGAF, many 3DS titles are on the cheap at the moment on the mega-retailer. Unfortunately, stock of some ...Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7" Deal: July 4th Sale Saves $30 (Update 2)Update: It is now the day after July 4th and Amazon is still selling the Kindle Fire HD 7" tablet for $30 off its usual price. This is either the last day for this limited time offer, or it will run through Saturday or Sunday. In the market for ...Amazon’s Kindle Paperwhite is a Killer New eReader - TapscapeAmazon’s new Kindle also makes reading even quicker, with pages that turn 15 percent faster. The battery life in the Kindle Paperwhite is nothing short of amazing at 8 weeks (with the light on), reading for half an hour per day. The Paperwhite itself ...Anna Wintour Graces The Twitter World With Her Presence & More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS)Whew, what a week it's been on Twitter! There was so much news this week and, of course, all our favorite Twitter celebrities were there to joke, reflect, or rant about all of it. First things first: Anna Wintour, high priestess of fashion, was ...Author Ravinder Singh Does A Google Hangout With His Fans For ‘Like It Happened Yesterday’Social media is slowly equating to promotions. Nothing wrong in it but the success depends on how well you promote rather than ending up as spam. Ravinder Singh, a popular Indian author who came into the limelight after he released his first book “I Too ...Back Amazon.ca Kicks off Summer Reading Season with Best Books of the Year So FarCaught by Canadian novelist Lisa Moore earns No. 1 spot in the Amazon.ca Book editors’ list of best books released in Canada (so far) Just in time for summer reading season, Amazon.ca Book editors today unveiled their annual Best Books of the Year So ...Bada Bing! – Tony & BasharYonatan Sredni was born and raised in northern California (Palo Alto), but has lived in Israel since 1994; He has a BA in English from San Diego State University and an MA in Creative Writing from Bar-Ilan University; His short stories, many of which ...Bada bing, Gandolfini lives onJames Gandolfini will always be remembered as Tony Soprano, yet the masterful character actor's sudden death leaves us with a number of projects set to be released posthumously, some of which may now get a larger release. The 51-year-old actor had been ...Bada Bing Businesses Mourn GandolfiniNew Jersey businesses made famous by HBO’s “The Sopranos” expressed shock and sorrow at the news James Gandolfini died Wednesday at age 51. The owner of Holsten’s, the Garden State restaurant where the show filmed its iconic final scene ...BBC America going social with The Stig via branded 'Top Gear' Twitter videoRemember that whole Twitter-sanctioned "in-Tweet branded video" BBC America hinted at back in April? Well, we've got some more info -- and it's coming a few hours ahead of the partnership's debut. Tonight's BBC America premier of Top Gear will ...Big Brother 9: 'Til Death Do You Part: Jen's TakeThere is a little clip of Matt and Natalie kissing in bed, along with Matt being kind of rude ... come on Big Brother there has to be more going on. I am done with the "lesbian" drama and the Joshua being rude - please give us something else!Bing's the thing: Cold Cherry Soup refreshing in hot weatherEnter your favorite recipe & you could win gift certificates from Ray's ShurSave in Old Forge. Don't automatically set aside those fresh cherries for pie. For instance, did you know they make a delicious summer soup? That's right. Soup.Bing & Ruth to play first Seacoast show July 3“I wouldn't say there is any specific goal in making this music,” said Bing & Ruth founder David Moore. “We've always played it and worked on it out of our personal love for the project. I put the band together seven years ago with little ...Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert News UPDATE: 'Mama's Broken Heart' Songstress Leaves 'Boys Round Here' Songster to 'Play with Himself' on Twitter?That tweet has yielded over two thousand retweets and favorites in less than a day so far. Shelton has done some pretty incredible stuff lately. He has had to get scorpions and snakes out of his home, he has won for the third year in a row on ...Blink 182 New Song RUMOR: Mark Hoppus' Twitter Hints About New Single [VIDEO]Mark Hoppus is a very active guy when it comes to social media, he is constantly tweeting about his life and facebooking too. He even used twitter to let the world know what he thinks of people who use facebook incorrectly. people who sort their ...Bob & Bing come to life in Fort MorganFriday night at the 2013 Viaero Glenn Miller SwingFest brought "two of the biggest has-beens in show business" to Fort Morgan -- or so joked Chuck Carlson in announcing Bob Hope and Bing Crosby's show. The Bob & Bing Road Show starred Lynn ...Caggie Dunlop rocks a tie dye top and matching mini skirt at Yahoo! Wireless pre-party - love or loathe?When former Made in Chelsea posho Caggie Dunlop isn't busy sticking up for her cheaty mate Spencer Matthews, she also enjoys stepping out for a cheeky middle of the week party so she can hang out with a bunch of other celebs. Well, Cags turned up to Yahoo!Capital One Told To Dump Alec Baldwin After Homophobic Twitter RantAs previously reported by Towleroad, Alec Baldwin came under fire last month after using homophobic language to threaten a reporter from the Daily Mail on Twitter. Baldwin subsequently deleted his Twitter account, explained himself in a Gothamist interview ...Carrie Underwood Admits She Loves Blocking Twitter TrollsBeing innocent doesn't keep you out of the way of drama in Hollywood or Nashville though! Carrie still has to deal with those Taylor Swift and Faith Hill jealousy and rivalry rumors that seem to never go away! Click here to find out what she ...Country music festival planned Aug. 16-18JEFFERSON -- The Maine Academy of Country Music will hold its Seventh annual Country Grass Festival, starting at 4 p.m. Friday, Aug. 16, through Sunday afternoon, Aug. 18, at Broken Acres. There is a covered pavilion, a snack bar, and a covered ...Deion Sanders Divorce Finalized: Twitter Advice To Men To Not ‘Choose A Woman With Your Flesh’ But With ‘Your Spirit And Heart’Deion Sanders, former Dallas Cowboy football player and Hall of Famer, finalized his divorce from Pilar Sanders 18 months after filing for the split in Collin County's district court. But according to Pilar Sanders' attorney, Larry Friedman, the ...Dwell on Design show: Yahoo! Homes’ top picksIf you love the rustic look of a wood ... by 5 inches, can bear a little more than a pound and costs $15; the largest, about 10 by 10 inches, holds up to 14 pounds and costs $35. Each 10-by-10-inch wall plate costs $15 and comes with bracket, screws ...Dwight Howard to Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles and More: Twitter SpeculationDwight Howard has signed with the Dallas Mavericks, Houston Rockets and Los Angeles Lakers all at the same time. Can Twitter really keep up with Howard and predict where he'll land? Recent speculation on Howard is that he's leaving Los Angeles and finding ...Emmys Taps Yahoo! as Digital PartnerWill Present Live Streams from Red Carpet, Other Content from 65th Primetime Awards The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences has selected Yahoo to be the official digital partner for red carpet and other behind-the-scenes content for the 65th Primetime ...Emraan and Vidya Talk Ghanchakkar on Google HangoutCheck out what happened when stars Emraan Hashmi and Vidya Balan took to the air on Google Hangout. The two shared their experiences with their fans about working on and playing the characters of Ghanchakkar! In theaters now, the Rajkumar Gupta ...Escape to Hawaii With Hula at the Bing | Arts & CultureTake an escape from the crowds of Hoopfest and travel to Hawaii with the Halau Hula O' Ku'ulei. The Hula dancers are bringing the Island to Downtown Spokane with their Hoi'ike, or exhibit, of Hawaiian culture at the Bing Crosby Theater on Friday night.EXHIBITIONS IN SIGHT for Art Matters (French Twist)The fifth area of the show is called “The Lower Classes.” Exercising an acute sense of human consciousness, several of the artists included in the exhibition, such as Ilse Bing and André Kertèsz, aimed their lenses on the existence of poor ...Explore Harry Potter film set on Google Map's Street ViewMumbai: Google has now come up with a way for Muggles and Wizards alike to visit Diagon Alley, without have to shell out a lot of Galleons to get to London. The search engine giant has added the well known alley on Google Map's Street View.Geek Like Me: “Harry Pottter” Google Street View, “The Walking Dead” Game, Cheap iPhones, MoreThe long Fourth of July weekend is done, Pride hangovers are finally over, and the beaches have emptied. Of course, if you prefer the gentle, Catwoman-like purr of the air conditioner there’s still plenty to check out: Who needs the beach when you can ...Generation GoogleThe iPad has enabled them to learn far greater than what I did when I was growing up. Information is at their fingertips, they are definitely the Google generation. Though, boys will be boys. Tonight while I was cooking dinner, I could hear them ...GOOGLE CATCHES PLAGIARIZING EDITORINDIANAPOLIS, Ind. -- "Writer's don't have feuds anymore," said Karl. What are you talking about? I said. We were sitting in a writer's bar called, predictably enough, First Edition. We had run out of internationally-themed bars, ever since Hey Mann, the ...Google celebrates gay pride with rainbow-coloured Easter eggGoogle has inserted an Easter egg in it’s search field to celebrate Gay Pride festivals. If you type in “gay pride,” “homosexuality,” “pride parade,” “Toronto pride,” “New York Pride,” “Stonewall,” “Stonewall Riots ...Google Commemorates Roswell UFO With Interactive DoodleRoswell, N.M., is the birthplace of Demi Moore, home to the Anderson Museum of Contemporary Art and the landing spot for Felix Baumgartner's free-fall at the edge of space. But it's main claim to fame is it's the place where the United States ...Google remembers RoswellGoogle has rolled out a Google Doodle game to commemorate the Roswell incident. The Roswell incident of 7 July 1947 saw an object crash near Roswell, New Mexico, with US forces initially reporting that a "flying disk" was recovered. However, later ...Google Science Fair 2013 Finalists Announced, Make Us Feel Tragically UnaccomplishedFirst started in 2011, the Google Science Fair seeks to encourage young students around the world by offering them the opportunity to develop science projects and share their findings online. Today they announced this year’s finalists, whose ideas are ...Google Search/Now Updated With Support For More Voice Actions, Integrated Offers, And TV Show Information In The US [Update: APK]The most notable new features here are of course TV show information and voice actions to play music. The former will require an internet-connected TV on the same network as your device before it'll be able to pull the info, and unfortunately it ...Google Street View Conjure Up Diagon Alley UpdateWhile to the untrained eye the popular ‘Google Street View’ service on Google Maps might only seem like a chance to browse the suburban streets of the world’s wealthiest nations, the mapping platform does offer a lot more that isn’t missed by all ...Harry Potter’s Diagon Alley Is On Google Street View!I don’t know how the wizarding world feels about us muggles being able to lurk their universe now, but that’s not our problem. You can now take a virtual tour through the Diagon Alley set that was used in the Harry Potter movies! Visiting ...High Praise for Ron Felber's New Thriller "A Man Of Indeterminate Value" Now Available at Barnes & Noble and AmazonNEW PROVIDENCE, NJ--(Marketwired - July 08, 2013) - Ron Felber delivers a nail-biting tour de force featuring a world of corrupt corporations, perverted values, and a hero struggling for salvation. Acclaimed writer Ron Felber is once again captivating ...I think Twitter is low and cheap, says Imran KhanNew Delhi, June 30 -- It's been three years since Imran Khan quit Twitter, and he is not joining it back ever again. The actor, who visited HT City on Saturday, while on a trip to the city to promote his film - Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai Again, vent his ...Jack Black Returns to Comic-Con for a Paranormal Panel on Yahoo!'s Comedy Series "Ghost Ghirls"Back in Black at Comic-Con. Shine America and Yahoo! will bring the ultimate paranormal experience to this year's Comic-Con International in San Diego, California. The one and only Jack Black –actor, comedian, Tenacious D'er-- will return to ...James Gandolfini To Be Honored At Original ‘Bada Bing’ Strip Club – EXCLUSIVEAs condolences continue to pour for James Gandolfini who passed away on Wednesday, planning is also underway for a star-studded tribute at the original Bada Bing! RumorFix has just learned exclusively that the Statin Dolls strip club in Lodi, NJ ...Japanese Island That Inspired Skyfall Now on Google MapsNagasaki is among the more unique places in Japan. It is most famous worldwide for being the site of the second atomic bombing which ended World War II, but the city has a long history intertwined with Western influence that gives it a sense you ...Jay-Z Breaks Twitter Silence, Slams Miley Cyrus in the ProcessThe reason? A rare, impromptu Q&A session with fans. Twitter confirmed that Roc Nation said Jay-Z is tweeting and the account has not been hacked, as some fans had speculated. Surprisingly, Jay-Z spent hours responding to questions from fans.Jay-Z’s Day-Long Twitter Chat: Miley Cyrus “Is A God” + More Random Musings8 Ridiculous Music Mashups On The Internet The Best Celeb Makeup Secret Blue Ivy's Friends React To Jay-Z's New Album Check Out The Best Justin Bieber GIF Ever 10 Reasons You Need To Join A Boy Band Taylor Swift's Bikini Sweetly Suits Her The Best Celeb ...Jay Z Dead Presidents 3 Debunked in Twitter Rant [LISTEN]Unfortunately, the mythical Dead Presidents 3 turned out to be just that--a myth. According to Just Blaze, the track has essentially been released. The producer said two of Jay-Z's verses from the song were used for another record and the thiLocal Author's Martial Arts Fantasy Book Out This Fall on AmazonWatch for the gritty martial arts fantasy novel "Legend of the Four Dragons Sword" on Amazon this fall in paperback & Kindle ebook from Fairfax County author Phil Humphries. Phil, a black belt in kempo karate under Gary Dill, is a hapkido student of ...LOL! Wendy Davis' shoes get reviewed on AmazonI love, love, love these shoes!! Not only are they stylish and comfy, they also have a lovely double-protected toe section that allows them to be kicked fully up the nearest repulican hole of your choice without causing even an iota of harm to ...Lunch with Yahoo's Marissa Mayer fetches top bid of $90,000 for East Palo Alto schoolJust before an online charity auction closed at 12:30 p.m. Thursday, 21 bids for lunch with Mayer had been posted. The $90,000 bid was entered by someone listed only as "c.....x." Right on deadline, all bids were removed from the Charitybuzz ...Martial Arts Fantasy Novel "Legend of the Four Dragons Sword" Due Out on Amazon This FallThe gritty, fast paced martial arts scifi adventure novel "Legend of the Four Dragons Sword" will be out on Amazon this fall in paperback & Kindle ebook. The high adventure thriller is tailored to the Asian young adult & teen demographics and is packed ...Mary Chapin Carpenter's Beautiful 'Ashes'Mary Chapin Carpenter: I'm speaking about what's in my heart. That may not be everyone's cup of tea, but that's the only way I know how to write songs. I don't mean that in a pompous way; it's just how I approach it: what feels right and what feels authentic.Meek Mill court ordered to tighten up his Twitter gameEcuadorean President Rafael Correa said on Sunday the fate of former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden is in the hands of the authorities in Russia, where he is holed up… Jay-Z ... fall to Jays Red Sox streak halted, fall to JaysMiley Cyrus Reacts to Jay-Z's Twerking Shout-Out on TwitterDash while wearing a hooded unicorn onesie ... "I've been practicing probably for the past two years, in my own time in my living room," she added. "I can't believe how many people think I'm good at twerking—which is dope—like my life ...Miss Under the Dome? Remember, You Can Watch It Now on Amazon Prime Instant VideoIf you happened to miss the series premiere of the new CBS show Under the ... CBS series exclusively to Prime customers at no additional cost during its current television season.” Under the Dome is based on a 2009 Stephen King novel of the same name.Movie Review: Google ‘Internship’ meets ‘The End of the World’It is hard to look away from that sort of dynamic interaction ... these middle-aged jokers target the most coveted techno jobs available, internships at Google. This without knowing the difference between html or C++ (Hey, I don’t know ...My totally excellent Google Glass adventureI said I would keep an online diary. I guess that was enough, because when Google announced the lucky few, many celebrities among them, there was also me. It wasn't as simple as just being chosen. There was the little matter that I had to actually buy the ...Netflix, Amazon offer new ways to ward off kids' summer-vacation boredomSchool's out, and video-streaming services Netflix and Amazon have come up with new ways to ward off summer-vacation boredom while going head-to-head in a battle for your kids' screen time. The new Netflix Families offers a selection of recommended movies ...New Bing Crosby Satellite Radio Series & CDs DueBing’s Basement, a series of 12 monthly one-hour radio specials comprised of rare and unknown material from Bing Crosby’s extensive tape archive, as well as more familiar Crosby recordings, premieres Thursday, July 4, on SiriusXM Satellite Radio on ...Nina Dobrev Express Sadness on Twitter as Film 'Let's Be Cops' Wraps Up [PHOTOS]However, the Vampire Diaries star expressed sadness on the social networking site Twitter for leaving the set and her co-stars behind. "9 more days for you! Today's my last day! Sad face," Nina posted on her Twitter account @ninadobrev.Now, explore Harry Potter's Diagon Alley on Google Street viewIn some good news for Harry Potter fans, they can now explore the shops of magical Diagon Alley from Harry Potter through Google Maps. Google has added the Diagon Alley movie set at Warner Bros Studios in London, England on its Street View ...Off with their heads: Yahoo issues list of nixed projectsWe encourage you to use ... check out Yahoo! India OMG!. Yahoo! Downloads Beta (July 31, 2013) Yahoo! Downloads will no longer support 3rd party downloads. It will continue to offer downloads of Yahoo! products like Yahoo! Toolbar or Yahoo! Messenger.20 Things We Learned From Jay-Z’s Twitter Q&AJay-Z lied when he said he was done tweeting for the year. On the eve of the worldwide release of Magna Carta Holy Grail, @S_C_ returned to Twitter to hold a lengthy Q&A session with fans. Instead of talking to the press, the Roc Nation mogul ...Alec Baldwin says Twitter rant not homophobicNEW YORK, June 29 (UPI) -- U.S. actor Alec Baldwin has apologized for calling a journalist a "queen" but he said the attack had "nothing to do with issues of anyone's sexual orientation." Baldwin's wife, Hilaria, came under fire Thursday from ...Amanda Bynes Calls Barack and Michelle Obama "Ugly" on TwitterIt looks like nobody's looks are safe from being judged by Amanda Bynes. Not even the President of the United States and the first lady. While it's not clear what prompted the remark, it is just the latest in a string of "ugly" slams made by the ...Amazon Blu-ray Deal of the Week: Warner Bros. Fifty-Film CollectionAmazon's Blu-ray Deal of the Week affects the Best of Warner Bros. Fifty-Film Collection. Through July 13th, Amazon is offering the set for $184.99 (a 69% discount from its MSRP of $597.92). In celebration of Warner's ninetieth anniversary, the collection ...Amazon Book Editors Announce the Best Books of 2013 So FarAlong with an overall Top 20 list, customers looking for great books to read this summer will find Top 10 editors’ picks lists in 20 categories, from Cookbooks, Food & Wine to Children’s & Teens to Romance. The Best Books of the Year So Far ...Amazon Deal of the Day: 55% Off Justice League: The Complete Series – $44.99 + FREE ShippingGet all 91 episodes of Justice League and Justice League Unlimited on 14 discs. In this action-packed adventure series, the world’s greatest superheroes, including Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, The Flash, Hawkgirl and Martian ...Amazon discounts 3DS, Mac and PC gamesAmazon is throwing a couple of tasty sales at the moment, including a huge summer sale for Mac and PC games. As spotted by the denizens of NeoGAF, many 3DS titles are on the cheap at the moment on the mega-retailer. Unfortunately, stock of some ...Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7" Deal: July 4th Sale Saves $30 (Update 2)Update: It is now the day after July 4th and Amazon is still selling the Kindle Fire HD 7" tablet for $30 off its usual price. This is either the last day for this limited time offer, or it will run through Saturday or Sunday. In the market for ...Amazon’s Kindle Paperwhite is a Killer New eReader - TapscapeAmazon’s new Kindle also makes reading even quicker, with pages that turn 15 percent faster. The battery life in the Kindle Paperwhite is nothing short of amazing at 8 weeks (with the light on), reading for half an hour per day. The Paperwhite itself ...Anna Wintour Graces The Twitter World With Her Presence & More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS)Whew, what a week it's been on Twitter! There was so much news this week and, of course, all our favorite Twitter celebrities were there to joke, reflect, or rant about all of it. First things first: Anna Wintour, high priestess of fashion, was ...Author Ravinder Singh Does A Google Hangout With His Fans For ‘Like It Happened Yesterday’Social media is slowly equating to promotions. Nothing wrong in it but the success depends on how well you promote rather than ending up as spam. Ravinder Singh, a popular Indian author who came into the limelight after he released his first book “I Too ...Back Amazon.ca Kicks off Summer Reading Season with Best Books of the Year So FarCaught by Canadian novelist Lisa Moore earns No. 1 spot in the Amazon.ca Book editors’ list of best books released in Canada (so far) Just in time for summer reading season, Amazon.ca Book editors today unveiled their annual Best Books of the Year So ...Bada Bing! – Tony & BasharYonatan Sredni was born and raised in northern California (Palo Alto), but has lived in Israel since 1994; He has a BA in English from San Diego State University and an MA in Creative Writing from Bar-Ilan University; His short stories, many of which ...Bada bing, Gandolfini lives onJames Gandolfini will always be remembered as Tony Soprano, yet the masterful character actor's sudden death leaves us with a number of projects set to be released posthumously, some of which may now get a larger release. The 51-year-old actor had been ...Bada Bing Businesses Mourn GandolfiniNew Jersey businesses made famous by HBO’s “The Sopranos” expressed shock and sorrow at the news James Gandolfini died Wednesday at age 51. The owner of Holsten’s, the Garden State restaurant where the show filmed its iconic final scene ...BBC America going social with The Stig via branded 'Top Gear' Twitter videoRemember that whole Twitter-sanctioned "in-Tweet branded video" BBC America hinted at back in April? Well, we've got some more info -- and it's coming a few hours ahead of the partnership's debut. Tonight's BBC America premier of Top Gear will ...Big Brother 9: 'Til Death Do You Part: Jen's TakeThere is a little clip of Matt and Natalie kissing in bed, along with Matt being kind of rude ... come on Big Brother there has to be more going on. I am done with the "lesbian" drama and the Joshua being rude - please give us something else!Bing's the thing: Cold Cherry Soup refreshing in hot weatherEnter your favorite recipe & you could win gift certificates from Ray's ShurSave in Old Forge. Don't automatically set aside those fresh cherries for pie. For instance, did you know they make a delicious summer soup? That's right. Soup.Bing & Ruth to play first Seacoast show July 3“I wouldn't say there is any specific goal in making this music,” said Bing & Ruth founder David Moore. “We've always played it and worked on it out of our personal love for the project. I put the band together seven years ago with little ...Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert News UPDATE: 'Mama's Broken Heart' Songstress Leaves 'Boys Round Here' Songster to 'Play with Himself' on Twitter?That tweet has yielded over two thousand retweets and favorites in less than a day so far. Shelton has done some pretty incredible stuff lately. He has had to get scorpions and snakes out of his home, he has won for the third year in a row on ...Blink 182 New Song RUMOR: Mark Hoppus' Twitter Hints About New Single [VIDEO]Mark Hoppus is a very active guy when it comes to social media, he is constantly tweeting about his life and facebooking too. He even used twitter to let the world know what he thinks of people who use facebook incorrectly. people who sort their ...Bob & Bing come to life in Fort MorganFriday night at the 2013 Viaero Glenn Miller SwingFest brought "two of the biggest has-beens in show business" to Fort Morgan -- or so joked Chuck Carlson in announcing Bob Hope and Bing Crosby's show. The Bob & Bing Road Show starred Lynn ...Caggie Dunlop rocks a tie dye top and matching mini skirt at Yahoo! Wireless pre-party - love or loathe?When former Made in Chelsea posho Caggie Dunlop isn't busy sticking up for her cheaty mate Spencer Matthews, she also enjoys stepping out for a cheeky middle of the week party so she can hang out with a bunch of other celebs. Well, Cags turned up to Yahoo!Capital One Told To Dump Alec Baldwin After Homophobic Twitter RantAs previously reported by Towleroad, Alec Baldwin came under fire last month after using homophobic language to threaten a reporter from the Daily Mail on Twitter. Baldwin subsequently deleted his Twitter account, explained himself in a Gothamist interview ...Carrie Underwood Admits She Loves Blocking Twitter TrollsBeing innocent doesn't keep you out of the way of drama in Hollywood or Nashville though! Carrie still has to deal with those Taylor Swift and Faith Hill jealousy and rivalry rumors that seem to never go away! Click here to find out what she ...Country music festival planned Aug. 16-18JEFFERSON -- The Maine Academy of Country Music will hold its Seventh annual Country Grass Festival, starting at 4 p.m. Friday, Aug. 16, through Sunday afternoon, Aug. 18, at Broken Acres. There is a covered pavilion, a snack bar, and a covered ...Deion Sanders Divorce Finalized: Twitter Advice To Men To Not ‘Choose A Woman With Your Flesh’ But With ‘Your Spirit And Heart’Deion Sanders, former Dallas Cowboy football player and Hall of Famer, finalized his divorce from Pilar Sanders 18 months after filing for the split in Collin County's district court. But according to Pilar Sanders' attorney, Larry Friedman, the ...Dwell on Design show: Yahoo! Homes’ top picksIf you love the rustic look of a wood ... by 5 inches, can bear a little more than a pound and costs $15; the largest, about 10 by 10 inches, holds up to 14 pounds and costs $35. Each 10-by-10-inch wall plate costs $15 and comes with bracket, screws ...Dwight Howard to Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles and More: Twitter SpeculationDwight Howard has signed with the Dallas Mavericks, Houston Rockets and Los Angeles Lakers all at the same time. Can Twitter really keep up with Howard and predict where he'll land? Recent speculation on Howard is that he's leaving Los Angeles and finding ...Emmys Taps Yahoo! as Digital PartnerWill Present Live Streams from Red Carpet, Other Content from 65th Primetime Awards The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences has selected Yahoo to be the official digital partner for red carpet and other behind-the-scenes content for the 65th Primetime ...Emraan and Vidya Talk Ghanchakkar on Google HangoutCheck out what happened when stars Emraan Hashmi and Vidya Balan took to the air on Google Hangout. The two shared their experiences with their fans about working on and playing the characters of Ghanchakkar! In theaters now, the Rajkumar Gupta ...Escape to Hawaii With Hula at the Bing | Arts & CultureTake an escape from the crowds of Hoopfest and travel to Hawaii with the Halau Hula O' Ku'ulei. The Hula dancers are bringing the Island to Downtown Spokane with their Hoi'ike, or exhibit, of Hawaiian culture at the Bing Crosby Theater on Friday night.EXHIBITIONS IN SIGHT for Art Matters (French Twist)The fifth area of the show is called “The Lower Classes.” Exercising an acute sense of human consciousness, several of the artists included in the exhibition, such as Ilse Bing and André Kertèsz, aimed their lenses on the existence of poor ...Explore Harry Potter film set on Google Map's Street ViewMumbai: Google has now come up with a way for Muggles and Wizards alike to visit Diagon Alley, without have to shell out a lot of Galleons to get to London. The search engine giant has added the well known alley on Google Map's Street View.Geek Like Me: “Harry Pottter” Google Street View, “The Walking Dead” Game, Cheap iPhones, MoreThe long Fourth of July weekend is done, Pride hangovers are finally over, and the beaches have emptied. Of course, if you prefer the gentle, Catwoman-like purr of the air conditioner there’s still plenty to check out: Who needs the beach when you can ...Generation GoogleThe iPad has enabled them to learn far greater than what I did when I was growing up. Information is at their fingertips, they are definitely the Google generation. Though, boys will be boys. Tonight while I was cooking dinner, I could hear them ...GOOGLE CATCHES PLAGIARIZING EDITORINDIANAPOLIS, Ind. -- "Writer's don't have feuds anymore," said Karl. What are you talking about? I said. We were sitting in a writer's bar called, predictably enough, First Edition. We had run out of internationally-themed bars, ever since Hey Mann, the ...Google celebrates gay pride with rainbow-coloured Easter eggGoogle has inserted an Easter egg in it’s search field to celebrate Gay Pride festivals. If you type in “gay pride,” “homosexuality,” “pride parade,” “Toronto pride,” “New York Pride,” “Stonewall,” “Stonewall Riots ...Google Commemorates Roswell UFO With Interactive DoodleRoswell, N.M., is the birthplace of Demi Moore, home to the Anderson Museum of Contemporary Art and the landing spot for Felix Baumgartner's free-fall at the edge of space. But it's main claim to fame is it's the place where the United States ...Google remembers RoswellGoogle has rolled out a Google Doodle game to commemorate the Roswell incident. The Roswell incident of 7 July 1947 saw an object crash near Roswell, New Mexico, with US forces initially reporting that a "flying disk" was recovered. However, later ...Google Science Fair 2013 Finalists Announced, Make Us Feel Tragically UnaccomplishedFirst started in 2011, the Google Science Fair seeks to encourage young students around the world by offering them the opportunity to develop science projects and share their findings online. Today they announced this year’s finalists, whose ideas are ...Google Search/Now Updated With Support For More Voice Actions, Integrated Offers, And TV Show Information In The US [Update: APK]The most notable new features here are of course TV show information and voice actions to play music. The former will require an internet-connected TV on the same network as your device before it'll be able to pull the info, and unfortunately it ...Google Street View Conjure Up Diagon Alley UpdateWhile to the untrained eye the popular ‘Google Street View’ service on Google Maps might only seem like a chance to browse the suburban streets of the world’s wealthiest nations, the mapping platform does offer a lot more that isn’t missed by all ...Harry Potter’s Diagon Alley Is On Google Street View!I don’t know how the wizarding world feels about us muggles being able to lurk their universe now, but that’s not our problem. You can now take a virtual tour through the Diagon Alley set that was used in the Harry Potter movies! Visiting ...High Praise for Ron Felber's New Thriller "A Man Of Indeterminate Value" Now Available at Barnes & Noble and AmazonNEW PROVIDENCE, NJ--(Marketwired - July 08, 2013) - Ron Felber delivers a nail-biting tour de force featuring a world of corrupt corporations, perverted values, and a hero struggling for salvation. Acclaimed writer Ron Felber is once again captivating ...I think Twitter is low and cheap, says Imran KhanNew Delhi, June 30 -- It's been three years since Imran Khan quit Twitter, and he is not joining it back ever again. The actor, who visited HT City on Saturday, while on a trip to the city to promote his film - Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai Again, vent his ...Jack Black Returns to Comic-Con for a Paranormal Panel on Yahoo!'s Comedy Series "Ghost Ghirls"Back in Black at Comic-Con. Shine America and Yahoo! will bring the ultimate paranormal experience to this year's Comic-Con International in San Diego, California. The one and only Jack Black –actor, comedian, Tenacious D'er-- will return to ...James Gandolfini To Be Honored At Original ‘Bada Bing’ Strip Club – EXCLUSIVEAs condolences continue to pour for James Gandolfini who passed away on Wednesday, planning is also underway for a star-studded tribute at the original Bada Bing! RumorFix has just learned exclusively that the Statin Dolls strip club in Lodi, NJ ...Japanese Island That Inspired Skyfall Now on Google MapsNagasaki is among the more unique places in Japan. It is most famous worldwide for being the site of the second atomic bombing which ended World War II, but the city has a long history intertwined with Western influence that gives it a sense you ...Jay-Z Breaks Twitter Silence, Slams Miley Cyrus in the ProcessThe reason? A rare, impromptu Q&A session with fans. Twitter confirmed that Roc Nation said Jay-Z is tweeting and the account has not been hacked, as some fans had speculated. Surprisingly, Jay-Z spent hours responding to questions from fans.Jay-Z’s Day-Long Twitter Chat: Miley Cyrus “Is A God” + More Random Musings8 Ridiculous Music Mashups On The Internet The Best Celeb Makeup Secret Blue Ivy's Friends React To Jay-Z's New Album Check Out The Best Justin Bieber GIF Ever 10 Reasons You Need To Join A Boy Band Taylor Swift's Bikini Sweetly Suits Her The Best Celeb ...Jay Z Dead Presidents 3 Debunked in Twitter Rant [LISTEN]Unfortunately, the mythical Dead Presidents 3 turned out to be just that--a myth. According to Just Blaze, the track has essentially been released. The producer said two of Jay-Z's verses from the song were used for another record and the third ...Jay Z Talks New Album, Favorite Cereal and Miley Cyrus in Twitter ChatLess than 24 hours before the release of of his new album, "Magna Carta Holy Grail," Jay Z took to Twitter to answer a few personal questions from his fans - and many of them, he said, cracked him up. "#mylaugh" became the tagline for many of ...Jill Soloway signs on to new Amazon ventureAmazon continues to beef up its TV programming slate — and has signed comedian-writer Jill Soloway to star in a new show, according to deadline.com. Soloway, who worked on HBO’s “Six Feet Under” and Showtime’s “The United States of Tara ...Judge orders rapper to get Twitter etiquette lessonsTweets are the soundbites that you don't even chew over. Before they even come into your ... And yet one Philadelphia judge decided that Meek Mill, a rapper who hopes for an immodest future, needs a little help with his 140-character pronouncements.Julie Anne San Jose beats Sarah Geronimo in Yahoo!OMG's 'Female Performer'So if you are a fan of the total performer and most in-demand commercial endorser, just hit this link for you to vote. This is your chance to chase the lead of Julie Anne San Jose in the "Female Performer of the Year." Meanwhile, "Popsters" are still ...Kavinsky Game Lands on Google Play, French House Music and Ferraris ForeverWhat puts the game over the top is that the soundtrack is nothing but music from Kavinsky’s new album. Solid. The game is free to download from Google Play, so if you’re a fan, there is no reason you shouldn’t check it out.Lady GaGa twitter shutdown ahead of new album announcementLady GaGa has shutdown her Twitter profile ahead of the release of her third studio album. The singer is currently the most-followed female on the social networking site, but has decided to temporarily ‘shut down’ her profile ahead of a possible ...Local Author's Martial Arts Fantasy Book Out This Fall on AmazonWatch for the gritty martial arts fantasy novel "Legend of the Four Dragons Sword" on Amazon this fall in paperback & Kindle ebook from Fairfax County author Phil Humphries. Phil, a black belt in kempo karate under Gary Dill, is a hapkido student of ...LOL! Wendy Davis' shoes get reviewed on AmazonI love, love, love these shoes!! Not only are they stylish and comfy, they also have a lovely double-protected toe section that allows them to be kicked fully up the nearest repulican hole of your choice without causing even an iota of harm to ...Lunch with Yahoo's Marissa Mayer fetches top bid of $90,000 for East Palo Alto schoolJust before an online charity auction closed at 12:30 p.m. Thursday, 21 bids for lunch with Mayer had been posted. The $90,000 bid was entered by someone listed only as "c.....x." Right on deadline, all bids were removed from the Charitybuzz ...Martial Arts Fantasy Novel "Legend of the Four Dragons Sword" Due Out on Amazon This FallThe gritty, fast paced martial arts scifi adventure novel "Legend of the Four Dragons Sword" will be out on Amazon this fall in paperback & Kindle ebook. The high adventure thriller is tailored to the Asian young adult & teen demographics and is packed ...Mary Chapin Carpenter's Beautiful 'Ashes'Mary Chapin Carpenter: I'm speaking about what's in my heart. That may not be everyone's cup of tea, but that's the only way I know how to write songs. I don't mean that in a pompous way; it's just how I approach it: what feels right and what feels authentic.Meek Mill court ordered to tighten up his Twitter gameEcuadorean President Rafael Correa said on Sunday the fate of former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden is in the hands of the authorities in Russia, where he is holed up… Jay-Z ... fall to Jays Red Sox streak halted, fall to JaysMiley Cyrus Reacts to Jay-Z's Twerking Shout-Out on TwitterDash while wearing a hooded unicorn onesie ... "I've been practicing probably for the past two years, in my own time in my living room," she added. "I can't believe how many people think I'm good at twerking—which is dope—like my life ...Miss Under the Dome? Remember, You Can Watch It Now on Amazon Prime Instant VideoIf you happened to miss the series premiere of the new CBS show Under the ... CBS series exclusively to Prime customers at no additional cost during its current television season.” Under the Dome is based on a 2009 Stephen King novel of the same name.Movie Review: Google ‘Internship’ meets ‘The End of the World’It is hard to look away from that sort of dynamic interaction ... these middle-aged jokers target the most coveted techno jobs available, internships at Google. This without knowing the difference between html or C++ (Hey, I don’t know ...My totally excellent Google Glass adventureI said I would keep an online diary. I guess that was enough, because when Google announced the lucky few, many celebrities among them, there was also me. It wasn't as simple as just being chosen. There was the little matter that I had to actually buy the ...Netflix, Amazon offer new ways to ward off kids' summer-vacation boredomSchool's out, and video-streaming services Netflix and Amazon have come up with new ways to ward off summer-vacation boredom while going head-to-head in a battle for your kids' screen time. The new Netflix Families offers a selection of recommended movies ...New Bing Crosby Satellite Radio Series & CDs DueBing’s Basement, a series of 12 monthly one-hour radio specials comprised of rare and unknown material from Bing Crosby’s extensive tape archive, as well as more familiar Crosby recordings, premieres Thursday, July 4, on SiriusXM Satellite Radio on ...Nina Dobrev Express Sadness on Twitter as Film 'Let's Be Cops' Wraps Up [PHOTOS]However, the Vampire Diaries star expressed sadness on the social networking site Twitter for leaving the set and her co-stars behind. "9 more days for you! Today's my last day! Sad face," Nina posted on her Twitter account @ninadobrev.Now, explore Harry Potter's Diagon Alley on Google Street viewIn some good news for Harry Potter fans, they can now explore the shops of magical Diagon Alley from Harry Potter through Google Maps. Google has added the Diagon Alley movie set at Warner Bros Studios in London, England on its Street View ...Off with their heads: Yahoo issues list of nixed projectsWe encourage you to use ... check out Yahoo! India OMG!. Yahoo! Downloads Beta (July 31, 2013) Yahoo! Downloads will no longer support 3rd party downloads. It will continue to offer downloads of Yahoo! products like Yahoo! Toolbar or Yahoo! Messenger.Out-of-this-world Google doodle celebrates Roswell incident anniversaryMonday's (July 8) Google doodle celebrates Roswell -- and no, we don't mean the series starring Shiri Appleby and Katherine Heigl. Though that would be pretty cool, too. The interactive game featured on the search engine's home page on Monday ...Paula Deen News Pop: Paula Deen Surges Past 'Game of Thrones' to Top Spot on AmazonPaula Deen's forthcoming cookbook, Paula Deen's New Testament, has surged past best-sellers by the likes of Dan Brown, Stephen King and Game of Thrones writer George R.R. Martin to take the top spot on Amazon's sales charts. Matt Lauer's high-profile sit ...Paul Smith, jazz pianist with Bing Crosby diesAmerican jazz pianist Paul Smith, who recorded with stars including Bing Crosby, Nat King Cole and Dizzy Gillespie, has died aged 91. Smith died of heart failure on Saturday, his publicist Alan Eichler told the Los Angeles Times. Smith began studying ...Pitchfork sticks it to the movie beat with The Dissolve26-29, and the winning filmmaker will be given the opportunity to reach millions around the world by producing an Op-Doc for The Times with a budget of $2,000 to premiere on NYTimes.com. This live pitch event follows the success of an Op-Docs pitch ...Postcard from ChinaSHANGHAI, China--This is a postcard, according to The Crimson. That constitutes an interesting claim from an epistemological standpoint, or at least a nitpicking one. How does The Crimson know it’s a postcard? The United States Postal Service ...Publisher Ends Paula Deen Book Contract, Won’t Release Amazon’s No. 1 Seller New TestamentLOS ANGELES, Calif. -- Caption Paula Deen attends South Beach Wine and Food Festival 2013 Grand Tasting Village on February 24, 2013 in Miami Beach, FloridaPaula Deen’s publisher has canceled a deal with her for multiple books, including an ...R29 Ticket + Bing Bang NYC: Half Off Gorgeous, Celeb-Approved JewelsIs your accessories collection feeling a little lackluster as of late? Consider this your very friendly wake-up call, courtesy of jewelry fave Bing Bang NYC. Stocked with delicate rings, geometric cuffs, and unique necklaces, Bing Bang’s mixed-metal ...Real-life Bada Bing stripper pays tribute to James Gandolfini in SFW videoNotably, New Jersey law prohibits topless or nude dancing in establishments that sell alcohol, which probably explains the SFW-ness of this video. The nudity shown in Bada Bing in the series is where HBO took poetic license. The clip below features ...Red, white and blueberry for the Fourth of July: RecipesHowever, if it's just family, you'll soon be paraphrasing Dorothy Parker's remark about ham ... Now she's followed it up with a new book, "Mad Hungry Cravings" (Artisan, $27.95). While baking must be exact, her icebox cake offers plenty of ...Redlands teacher's novel makes Amazon best-seller listRedlands resident Nicole Steinhaus teaches fifth grade at Victoria Elementary School, runs a community writing blog, holds an editorial internship and - incidentally - has broken into the best-selling categories on Amazon.com with her Young ...Retro-watch: The Hindi film that thought of Google Glass before GoogleThe first manned mission landed on the moon in 1969, but two years before Neil Armstrong took that giant leap for mankind, Astronaut Anand and desi cinema had gone much further. TP Sundaram’s Trip to Moon (Chand Par Chadayee) was a science fiction story ...Sarah Geronimo beats Selena Gomez in Yahoo trendThe "Pop Star Princess" and certified "Box Office Queen," Sarah Geronimo, is number one in Yahoo trend today, July 9, 2013 (Philippine time), aside from being number one, she has also beaten Selena Gomez in the trending. Sarah Geronimo became ...Scam Of Life: SeeThe New Method Yahoo Boys Are Using To Get Your DetailsThe Federal Government of Nigeria conducted a proper investigation and discovered that you are among those that we have not paid in the past. We are sorry for the delay and we also discovered that you have lost a lot of money in the hands of fraud stars ...Scandal Podcast Talks More Scandal in Google Hangout SeriesThe Scandal Rewind Series, hosted by Jaha Knight of the Scandal Podcast, has begun for gladiators everywhere. The Scandal Rewind Series is a reflective look back at Seasons one and two of the popular ABC drama, Scandal. Atlanta, GA, June 30, 2013 --(PR.com ...Sources Say Rihanna Regrets Twitter Diss Towards Chris BrownAfter dissing Chris Brown in a Twitter post just a few days ago, sources tell HollywoodLife.com that Rihanna had a moment of weakness and regrets lashing out her ex-boyfriend so publicly. The photo is captioned "bitch you will die, be born again, die and ...So Much For Paula Deen's Book Being An Amazon Bestseller: It's No Longer Being PublishedIt’s hard to imagine how things can get much worse for Paula Deen. One of the few aspects of her business that seemed to remain standing after the racism scandal blew up last week was her line of cookbooks. Her new book, “Paula Deen’s New Testament ...Taste of Buffalo: July 13th and 14th, 2013Among the restaurants participating this year are Anderson’s Frozen Custard, Bing’s, BW’s Barbecue, Cecilia’s Ristorante, Dinosaur Barbecue, Just Pizza, Orazio’s Restaurant, Papaya Restaurant and Red Osier. There are also six wineries ...Thai chicken shop replaces KFC's Sanders with HitlerColonel Sanders may not be one of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals' favorite folks, but even his most vehement critics can concede that Yum Brands' (YUM) KFC mascot isn't a fascist dictator looking to control Europe and wipe out entire ...Thanks to Amazon Fresh, Operation Never-Leave-The-House is a goRight around 8am, the truck pulled up, and a man dropped three big reusable ... I think we can justify that if it means never leaving the house again. As far as the groceries themselves, the produce looks fresh, the poultry looks healthy and ...The Andy Griffith Show: Howard's New LifeFed up with his humdrum existence, Howard Sprague decides to kick over the traces and leave Mayberry for good. He heads to the Caribbean, where he has elected to become a carefree beachcomber. Before long, however, Howard realizes that a life without ...The COnNeCtworker now available on Amazon, meet the Author Michele JennaeThe book is now available for as Kindle version on Amazon. How did the ConNeCtworker come about? I've always considered myself a connector and networker, but in my business dealings I realized that the two aren't always the same thing. So, I wrote this ...The Lakers Official Twitter Account Tweeted Out a Photoshopped Picture of the Beverly Hills Hotel With Howard On ItYou may have seen the picture of the Beverly Hills Hotel yesterday tweeted out by the Los Angeles Lakers official Twitter account, with the hashtag “#STAYD12″. What’s worse, that someone would actually do that, or that the photo would be ...The original Google -- Barney -- influenced 20th century cultureLet me tease your memory with a collection of words and terms: "horsefeathers," "yardbird," "hotsy totsy," "heebie jeebies," "goo-goo eyes," "balls o' fire," "time's a-wastin," and "tetched in the haid." At one time or another, all of these were ...The Secret Sisters: Catching UpWe're pretty straightforward. We like our country and bluegrass kind of stuff, but I've been thinking lately we need to whip a wild and crazy one out, like a Lady Gaga tune or something. What do you and Lydia fight about the most on the road? Probably ...This Week In Amazon Reviews: These Shoes Were Made For FilibusteringWe’ve got a bit of a special edition this week in our recurring funny Amazon reviews theme, in the form of a product that is actually in the news recently. Timeliness and humor, you say? Sounds like just the thing for a summer Friday afternoon.Top 20 Indian Business Pages On Google Plus 2013Archana’s Kitchen, from Archana Doshi who shot to fame when her cooking blog was featured in the ‘Web is what you make of it’ Google campaign for Chrome, is at the seventh place with 605,990 circlers. The ambitious lady is now a home chef ...Twitter Watch: Lea Michele Tweets GLEE Season 5 'Family Photos'!BroadwayWorld.com presents Twitter Watch, which brings you only the best and most interesting reports straight from the mouths of Broadway stars, shows and more on the hot social networking service - Twitter! On Twitter, GLEE's Lea Michele (@ ...Vince Vaughn, Owen Wilson on Google movie 'The Internship' - videoVince Vaughn and Owen Wilson last tickled funny bones in 2005 comedy Wedding Crashers, and now the pair are back together for Google-set comedy The Internship. The Shawn Levy-directed movie sees the pair play old school salesmen who go and get entry-level ...Watch Sister Act The Sledge Grits Band Rock Out at Yahoo!The music business is desperately in need of more teen acts that can actually play and write their own music, and the sister quartet The Sledge Grits Band perfectly fits the bill. The pop rock group from Littlerock, California is a favorite on ...What ABC Family Shows Are Coming Back?ABC Family has given a back-order pick-up for more episodes of the dance dramedy "Bunheads," the network said Friday, also announcing that it had picked up "Melissa & Joey" for a third season, and "Baby Daddy" and "Switched at Birth" for those series ...Where the google-eyes hid when they were plentifulThere are ways to find out if goggle-eye can indeed rebound. We need to do it, and the majority of today’s generation of stream fishermen, if they understood a need for it, would go along with ... But when you look for them, you just get fleeting glances.Why does Alec Baldwin get a Twitter pass?I want to tell you what a politically neutral, entirely non-homophobic rant looks like on Twitter. For the purposes of this exercise, please imagine your name isn't Tony Stark, but George Stark. Here goes. "I'm gonna find you, George Stark, you toxic ...Why Gaudí's birthday deserves its Google doodle celebrationOn 7 June 1926 a shabbily dressed old man was knocked down on a busy road in Barcelona. Assumed to be homeless, he was given second-rate medical treatment. Finally, as he lay dying in hospital, the great architect Antoni Gaudí was recognised.Why Imran Khan thinks Twitter is Cheap and low?Imran Khan, who is all set for his upcoming movie Once Upon A Time in Mumbaai Again, says that he will not join micro blogging site Twitter again, as the actor feels it's too cheap and low. Imran Khan joined Twitter three years back, but the actor soon ...Win a 'Ring of Fire' DVD Autographed by Jewel From Yahoo! TVAnnette Brown/Lifetime - Jewel as June Carter Cash and Matt Ross as Johnny Cash in the Lifetime Original Movie, "Ring of Fire." If you're a fan of Johnny Cash, then you know what a deeply troubled and wildly interesting life the singer led. But the Man in ...WWE Raw Results: Winners, Twitter Reaction and Highlights from July 8With less than a week until the highly anticipated Money in the Bank, the newest Raw was chock-full of important, entertaining action. First, there was a slew of terrific matches that helped build momentum for next Sunday's pay-per-view.Xbox One/Xbox 720 to Show Off in Australia, Titanfall Dev Details Microsoft’s Cloud & a Fun Xbox Google Search GameIf you're looking forward to seeing--not playing, however, as there is no option for that--Microsoft's next generation console Xbox One, and if you're in Melbourne from July 19 to 21 for PAX Australia, then you're in luck. PAX Australia will ...Xbox One/Xbox 720 to Show Off in Australia, Titanfall Dev Details Microsoft’s Cloud & a Fun Xbox Google Search GameIf you're looking forward to seeing--not playing, however, as there is no option for that--Microsoft's next generation console Xbox One, and if you're in Melbourne from July 19 to 21 for PAX Australia, then you're in luck. PAX Australia will ...Yahoo! (YHOO) Goes the Way of Fantasy Sports with Latest PurchaseIf you want to check out what we’re cooking up this season, sign up for Yahoo! Fantasy football today. Also, if you’re a talented technologist and want to help us take online sports to the next level, we’re hiring! I’d like to thank the Yahoo!Yahoo! Movies Review: GhanchakkarGhanchakkar trailerCast: Emraan Hashmi, Vidya Balan, Namit Das and Rajesh Sharma ‘Ghanchakkar’ is an unusual film and needs a little patience because the pace is quite slow. In fact, it’s a little too long for a thriller and considering it hardly has ...Yahoo! MusicGaga reemerges, after canceling her world tour and undergoing hip surgery, to celebrate Pride in New York. Queen Bey's tour kicks off in the U.S. this weekend! Here are some of the most striking looks she'll be rocking onstage. NEW YORK (AP) — Jennifer ...Yahoo! Named Digital Partner for 65th PRIMETIME EMMY AWARDSRelated: 65th PRIMETIME EMMY AWARDS, Entertainment fans will get front row access to television's biggest night, as the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences today announced Yahoo! will be the official digital partner for red carpet and behind ...Yahoo! Picks Up Qwiki Video AppYahoo! Is venturing into iOS video sharing. The online mega-corporation announced today that it has acquired the mobile app Qwiki, which "[brings] together pictures, music and video to capture the art of storytelling." Yahoo! reportedly paid $50 ...Yahoo! Sports Win Edward R. Murrow Sports Award for Feature on Katie Taylor(JUNE 29) The Radio Television Digital News Association (RTDNA) has announced the winners of the 2013 national Edward R. Murrow Awards, which recognize work of the highest quality produced by radio, television and online news organizations ...Yahoo Gets New Search Alerts For Web, Images & VideoYahoo just made a pair of announcements. One was that Yahoo Mail has some new Flickr integration. The other is that it has a new refreshed, modern Search Alerts experience. “To help you find hot-off-the-press information on the things that are important ...Yahoo kills a dozen more products to sharpen its focusJune 28, 2013, 6:55 PM — Yahoo is slimming itself down again by axing 12 of its products, part of an ongoing effort to sharpen its focus on services it thinks people need in their daily lives. The list includes AltaVista, the granddaddy of search engines ...Yahoo Named Television Academy's Digital PartnerYahoo! will be the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences' official digital partner, including for the nominations red carpet of the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards, the academy announced Tuesday. Yahoo will be the first digital partner for the academy outside ...Yahoo Partners With Academy Of Television Arts & Sciences On Emmy CoverageThe Academy of Television Arts & Sciences announced today that Yahoo will be its official digital partner for red carpet and behind-the-scenes content surrounding the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards. “Yahoo! is the Television Academy’s official online ...Yahoo Picked To Be First Digital Partner For Emmy AwardsLOS ANGELES – (July 2, 2013) – Entertainment fans will get front row access to television’s biggest night, as the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences today announced Yahoo! will be the official digital partner for red carpet and behind-the-scenes ...Yahoo Profiles The Rock's Incredible Diet to Bulk Up for "Hercules", New HBK InterviewThanks to Carl Dantes for sending in the following: Shawn Michaels and co-host Keith Mark sat down with PWKGW Radio Show last night to promote the new season of Shawn Michaels’ MacMillan River Adventures, which premieres on July 2nd, 2013 at the Outdoor ...Yahoo shuttering AltaVista, other services as company sharpens focusYahoo has listed off another 12 products that the search company will be shuttering over the summer. AltaVista, a search engine bought by Yahoo in 2013, is the most notable from the list, with the shutdown of a number of services part of "an ongoing effort ...Yahoo snares Emmy online streamThe Academy of Television Arts & Sciences has signed a one-year deal with Yahoo.com for the site to be its “official digital partner” for this year’s 65th Annual Emmy Awards, airing Sept. 22 on CBS. Yahoo will stream the red carpet and “behind-the ...Yahoo tapped as digital partner for TV AcademyYahoo will live-stream red-carpet and behind-the-scenes content for this year's Emmy Awards, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences said Tuesday. This is the first time the television academy has partnered with a company outside of the ...Yahoo to live-stream Emmy awards red carpet, behind-the-scenesYahoo will live-stream red carpet and behind-the-scenes content for this year’s Emmy Awards, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences said. This is the first time the television academy has partnered with a company outside of the broadcast networks to ...Yahoo To Roll Out Red Carpet As Exclusive Online Platform Of The EmmysThanks to the partnership, Yahoo will be able to provide a live streaming show live from the red carpet, behind-the-scenes footage ... but this takes us to a whole new level,” said Rich Cusick, Yahoo! VP and head of Entertainment.Out-of-this-world Google doodle celebrates Roswell incident anniversaryMonday's (July 8) Google doodle celebrates Roswell -- and no, we don't mean the series starring Shiri Appleby and Katherine Heigl. Though that would be pretty cool, too. The interactive game featured on the search engine's home page on Monday ...Paula Deen News Pop: Paula Deen Surges Past 'Game of Thrones' to Top Spot on AmazonPaula Deen's forthcoming cookbook, Paula Deen's New Testament, has surged past best-sellers by the likes of Dan Brown, Stephen King and Game of Thrones writer George R.R. Martin to take the top spot on Amazon's sales charts. Matt Lauer's high-profile sit ...Paul Smith, jazz pianist with Bing Crosby diesAmerican jazz pianist Paul Smith, who recorded with stars including Bing Crosby, Nat King Cole and Dizzy Gillespie, has died aged 91. Smith died of heart failure on Saturday, his publicist Alan Eichler told the Los Angeles Times. Smith began studying ...Pitchfork sticks it to the movie beat with The Dissolve26-29, and the winning filmmaker will be given the opportunity to reach millions around the world by producing an Op-Doc for The Times with a budget of $2,000 to premiere on NYTimes.com. This live pitch event follows the success of an Op-Docs pitch ...Postcard from ChinaSHANGHAI, China--This is a postcard, according to The Crimson. That constitutes an interesting claim from an epistemological standpoint, or at least a nitpicking one. How does The Crimson know it’s a postcard? The United States Postal Service ...Publisher Ends Paula Deen Book Contract, Won’t Release Amazon’s No. 1 Seller New TestamentLOS ANGELES, Calif. -- Caption Paula Deen attends South Beach Wine and Food Festival 2013 Grand Tasting Village on February 24, 2013 in Miami Beach, FloridaPaula Deen’s publisher has canceled a deal with her for multiple books, including an ...R29 Ticket + Bing Bang NYC: Half Off Gorgeous, Celeb-Approved JewelsIs your accessories collection feeling a little lackluster as of late? Consider this your very friendly wake-up call, courtesy of jewelry fave Bing Bang NYC. Stocked with delicate rings, geometric cuffs, and unique necklaces, Bing Bang’s mixed-metal ...Real-life Bada Bing stripper pays tribute to James Gandolfini in SFW videoNotably, New Jersey law prohibits topless or nude dancing in establishments that sell alcohol, which probably explains the SFW-ness of this video. The nudity shown in Bada Bing in the series is where HBO took poetic license. The clip below features ...Red, white and blueberry for the Fourth of July: RecipesHowever, if it's just family, you'll soon be paraphrasing Dorothy Parker's remark about ham ... Now she's followed it up with a new book, "Mad Hungry Cravings" (Artisan, $27.95). While baking must be exact, her icebox cake offers plenty of ...Redlands teacher's novel makes Amazon best-seller listRedlands resident Nicole Steinhaus teaches fifth grade at Victoria Elementary School, runs a community writing blog, holds an editorial internship and - incidentally - has broken into the best-selling categories on Amazon.com with her Young ...Retro-watch: The Hindi film that thought of Google Glass before GoogleThe first manned mission landed on the moon in 1969, but two years before Neil Armstrong took that giant leap for mankind, Astronaut Anand and desi cinema had gone much further. TP Sundaram’s Trip to Moon (Chand Par Chadayee) was a science fiction story ...Sarah Geronimo beats Selena Gomez in Yahoo trendThe "Pop Star Princess" and certified "Box Office Queen," Sarah Geronimo, is number one in Yahoo trend today, July 9, 2013 (Philippine time), aside from being number one, she has also beaten Selena Gomez in the trending. Sarah Geronimo became ...Scam Of Life: SeeThe New Method Yahoo Boys Are Using To Get Your DetailsThe Federal Government of Nigeria conducted a proper investigation and discovered that you are among those that we have not paid in the past. We are sorry for the delay and we also discovered that you have lost a lot of money in the hands of fraud stars ...Scandal Podcast Talks More Scandal in Google Hangout SeriesThe Scandal Rewind Series, hosted by Jaha Knight of the Scandal Podcast, has begun for gladiators everywhere. The Scandal Rewind Series is a reflective look back at Seasons one and two of the popular ABC drama, Scandal. Atlanta, GA, June 30, 2013 --(PR.com ...Sources Say Rihanna Regrets Twitter Diss Towards Chris BrownAfter dissing Chris Brown in a Twitter post just a few days ago, sources tell HollywoodLife.com that Rihanna had a moment of weakness and regrets lashing out her ex-boyfriend so publicly. The photo is captioned "bitch you will die, be born again, die and ...So Much For Paula Deen's Book Being An Amazon Bestseller: It's No Longer Being PublishedIt’s hard to imagine how things can get much worse for Paula Deen. One of the few aspects of her business that seemed to remain standing after the racism scandal blew up last week was her line of cookbooks. Her new book, “Paula Deen’s New Testament ...Taste of Buffalo: July 13th and 14th, 2013Among the restaurants participating this year are Anderson’s Frozen Custard, Bing’s, BW’s Barbecue, Cecilia’s Ristorante, Dinosaur Barbecue, Just Pizza, Orazio’s Restaurant, Papaya Restaurant and Red Osier. There are also six wineries ...Thai chicken shop replaces KFC's Sanders with HitlerColonel Sanders may not be one of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals' favorite folks, but even his most vehement critics can concede that Yum Brands' (YUM) KFC mascot isn't a fascist dictator looking to control Europe and wipe out entire ...Thanks to Amazon Fresh, Operation Never-Leave-The-House is a goRight around 8am, the truck pulled up, and a man dropped three big reusable ... I think we can justify that if it means never leaving the house again. As far as the groceries themselves, the produce looks fresh, the poultry looks healthy and ...The Andy Griffith Show: Howard's New LifeFed up with his humdrum existence, Howard Sprague decides to kick over the traces and leave Mayberry for good. He heads to the Caribbean, where he has elected to become a carefree beachcomber. Before long, however, Howard realizes that a life without ...The COnNeCtworker now available on Amazon, meet the Author Michele JennaeThe book is now available for as Kindle version on Amazon. How did the ConNeCtworker come about? I've always considered myself a connector and networker, but in my business dealings I realized that the two aren't always the same thing. So, I wrote this ...The Lakers Official Twitter Account Tweeted Out a Photoshopped Picture of the Beverly Hills Hotel With Howard On ItYou may have seen the picture of the Beverly Hills Hotel yesterday tweeted out by the Los Angeles Lakers official Twitter account, with the hashtag “#STAYD12″. What’s worse, that someone would actually do that, or that the photo would be ...The original Google -- Barney -- influenced 20th century cultureLet me tease your memory with a collection of words and terms: "horsefeathers," "yardbird," "hotsy totsy," "heebie jeebies," "goo-goo eyes," "balls o' fire," "time's a-wastin," and "tetched in the haid." At one time or another, all of these were ...The Secret Sisters: Catching UpWe're pretty straightforward. We like our country and bluegrass kind of stuff, but I've been thinking lately we need to whip a wild and crazy one out, like a Lady Gaga tune or something. What do you and Lydia fight about the most on the road? Probably ...This Week In Amazon Reviews: These Shoes Were Made For FilibusteringWe’ve got a bit of a special edition this week in our recurring funny Amazon reviews theme, in the form of a product that is actually in the news recently. Timeliness and humor, you say? Sounds like just the thing for a summer Friday afternoon.Top 20 Indian Business Pages On Google Plus 2013Archana’s Kitchen, from Archana Doshi who shot to fame when her cooking blog was featured in the ‘Web is what you make of it’ Google campaign for Chrome, is at the seventh place with 605,990 circlers. The ambitious lady is now a home chef ...Twitter Watch: Lea Michele Tweets GLEE Season 5 'Family Photos'!BroadwayWorld.com presents Twitter Watch, which brings you only the best and most interesting reports straight from the mouths of Broadway stars, shows and more on the hot social networking service - Twitter! On Twitter, GLEE's Lea Michele (@ ...Vince Vaughn, Owen Wilson on Google movie 'The Internship' - videoVince Vaughn and Owen Wilson last tickled funny bones in 2005 comedy Wedding Crashers, and now the pair are back together for Google-set comedy The Internship. The Shawn Levy-directed movie sees the pair play old school salesmen who go and get entry-level ...Watch Sister Act The Sledge Grits Band Rock Out at Yahoo!The music business is desperately in need of more teen acts that can actually play and write their own music, and the sister quartet The Sledge Grits Band perfectly fits the bill. The pop rock group from Littlerock, California is a favorite on ...What ABC Family Shows Are Coming Back?ABC Family has given a back-order pick-up for more episodes of the dance dramedy "Bunheads," the network said Friday, also announcing that it had picked up "Melissa & Joey" for a third season, and "Baby Daddy" and "Switched at Birth" for those series ...Where the google-eyes hid when they were plentifulThere are ways to find out if goggle-eye can indeed rebound. We need to do it, and the majority of today’s generation of stream fishermen, if they understood a need for it, would go along with ... But when you look for them, you just get fleeting glances.Why does Alec Baldwin get a Twitter pass?I want to tell you what a politically neutral, entirely non-homophobic rant looks like on Twitter. For the purposes of this exercise, please imagine your name isn't Tony Stark, but George Stark. Here goes. "I'm gonna find you, George Stark, you toxic ...Why Gaudí's birthday deserves its Google doodle celebrationOn 7 June 1926 a shabbily dressed old man was knocked down on a busy road in Barcelona. Assumed to be homeless, he was given second-rate medical treatment. Finally, as he lay dying in hospital, the great architect Antoni Gaudí was recognised.Why Imran Khan thinks Twitter is Cheap and low?Imran Khan, who is all set for his upcoming movie Once Upon A Time in Mumbaai Again, says that he will not join micro blogging site Twitter again, as the actor feels it's too cheap and low. Imran Khan joined Twitter three years back, but the actor soon ...Win a 'Ring of Fire' DVD Autographed by Jewel From Yahoo! TVAnnette Brown/Lifetime - Jewel as June Carter Cash and Matt Ross as Johnny Cash in the Lifetime Original Movie, "Ring of Fire." If you're a fan of Johnny Cash, then you know what a deeply troubled and wildly interesting life the singer led. But the Man in ...WWE Raw Results: Winners, Twitter Reaction and Highlights from July 8With less than a week until the highly anticipated Money in the Bank, the newest Raw was chock-full of important, entertaining action. First, there was a slew of terrific matches that helped build momentum for next Sunday's pay-per-view.Xbox One/Xbox 720 to Show Off in Australia, Titanfall Dev Details Microsoft’s Cloud & a Fun Xbox Google Search GameIf you're looking forward to seeing--not playing, however, as there is no option for that--Microsoft's next generation console Xbox One, and if you're in Melbourne from July 19 to 21 for PAX Australia, then you're in luck. PAX Australia will ...Xbox One/Xbox 720 to Show Off in Australia, Titanfall Dev Details Microsoft’s Cloud & a Fun Xbox Google Search GameIf you're looking forward to seeing--not playing, however, as there is no option for that--Microsoft's next generation console Xbox One, and if you're in Melbourne from July 19 to 21 for PAX Australia, then you're in luck. PAX Australia will ...Yahoo! (YHOO) Goes the Way of Fantasy Sports with Latest PurchaseIf you want to check out what we’re cooking up this season, sign up for Yahoo! Fantasy football today. Also, if you’re a talented technologist and want to help us take online sports to the next level, we’re hiring! I’d like to thank the Yahoo!Yahoo! Movies Review: GhanchakkarGhanchakkar trailerCast: Emraan Hashmi, Vidya Balan, Namit Das and Rajesh Sharma ‘Ghanchakkar’ is an unusual film and needs a little patience because the pace is quite slow. In fact, it’s a little too long for a thriller and considering it hardly has ...Yahoo! MusicGaga reemerges, after canceling her world tour and undergoing hip surgery, to celebrate Pride in New York. Queen Bey's tour kicks off in the U.S. this weekend! Here are some of the most striking looks she'll be rocking onstage. NEW YORK (AP) — Jennifer ...Yahoo! Named Digital Partner for 65th PRIMETIME EMMY AWARDSRelated: 65th PRIMETIME EMMY AWARDS, Entertainment fans will get front row access to television's biggest night, as the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences today announced Yahoo! will be the official digital partner for red carpet and behind ...Yahoo! Picks Up Qwiki Video AppYahoo! Is venturing into iOS video sharing. The online mega-corporation announced today that it has acquired the mobile app Qwiki, which "[brings] together pictures, music and video to capture the art of storytelling." Yahoo! reportedly paid $50 ...Yahoo! Sports Win Edward R. Murrow Sports Award for Feature on Katie Taylor(JUNE 29) The Radio Television Digital News Association (RTDNA) has announced the winners of the 2013 national Edward R. Murrow Awards, which recognize work of the highest quality produced by radio, television and online news organizations ...Yahoo Gets New Search Alerts For Web, Images & VideoYahoo just made a pair of announcements. One was that Yahoo Mail has some new Flickr integration. The other is that it has a new refreshed, modern Search Alerts experience. “To help you find hot-off-the-press information on the things that are important ...Yahoo kills a dozen more products to sharpen its focusJune 28, 2013, 6:55 PM — Yahoo is slimming itself down again by axing 12 of its products, part of an ongoing effort to sharpen its focus on services it thinks people need in their daily lives. The list includes AltaVista, the granddaddy of search engines ...Yahoo Named Television Academy's Digital PartnerYahoo! will be the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences' official digital partner, including for the nominations red carpet of the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards, the academy announced Tuesday. Yahoo will be the first digital partner for the academy outside ...Yahoo Partners With Academy Of Television Arts & Sciences On Emmy CoverageThe Academy of Television Arts & Sciences announced today that Yahoo will be its official digital partner for red carpet and behind-the-scenes content surrounding the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards. “Yahoo! is the Television Academy’s official online ...Yahoo Picked To Be First Digital Partner For Emmy AwardsLOS ANGELES – (July 2, 2013) – Entertainment fans will get front row access to television’s biggest night, as the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences today announced Yahoo! will be the official digital partner for red carpet and behind-the-scenes ...Yahoo Profiles The Rock's Incredible Diet to Bulk Up for "Hercules", New HBK InterviewThanks to Carl Dantes for sending in the following: Shawn Michaels and co-host Keith Mark sat down with PWKGW Radio Show last night to promote the new season of Shawn Michaels’ MacMillan River Adventures, which premieres on July 2nd, 2013 at the Outdoor ...Yahoo shuttering AltaVista, other services as company sharpens focusYahoo has listed off another 12 products that the search company will be shuttering over the summer. AltaVista, a search engine bought by Yahoo in 2013, is the most notable from the list, with the shutdown of a number of services part of "an ongoing effort ...Yahoo snares Emmy online streamThe Academy of Television Arts & Sciences has signed a one-year deal with Yahoo.com for the site to be its “official digital partner” for this year’s 65th Annual Emmy Awards, airing Sept. 22 on CBS. Yahoo will stream the red carpet and “behind-the ...Yahoo tapped as digital partner for TV AcademyYahoo will live-stream red-carpet and behind-the-scenes content for this year's Emmy Awards, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences said Tuesday. This is the first time the television academy has partnered with a company outside of the ...Yahoo to live-stream Emmy awards red carpet, behind-the-scenesYahoo will live-stream red carpet and behind-the-scenes content for this year’s Emmy Awards, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences said. This is the first time the television academy has partnered with a company outside of the broadcast networks to ...Yahoo To Roll Out Red Carpet As Exclusive Online Platform Of The EmmysThanks to the partnership, Yahoo will be able to provide a live streaming show live from the red carpet, behind-the-scenes footage ... but this takes us to a whole new level,” said Rich Cusick, Yahoo! VP and head of Entertainment.