10 More Terrible Movies That Killed Awesome FranchisesDon’t you just hate it when your favourite movie franchise gets killed off by a terrible – nay, awful – instalment? You often wonder how it’s even possible to make such a bad movie when the one, two or more movies that came before were so good.4 Tips to Break Into the Music IndustryIt's not always easy to follow your dreams, and there are certain industries that pose a greater barrier to entry than others. The music industry is definitely one of those. Whether you have dreams of volunteering your summer at Warped Tour, or ..."THE MRS. CARTER SHOW WORLD TOUR" Starring BEYONCEA special pre-sale for registered members of Beyonce's BeyHive Blog will begin at 10:00AM ... LA The Mercedes-Benz Essence Music Festival Superdome Jul-9 Ft. Lauderdale, FL BB&T Center SOLD OUT Jul-10 Miami, FL American Airlines SOLD OUT Arena ...80/35 Music Festival finds the formula for success“We went over two and a half times our original talent budget, 40 percent over our ad budget, production obviously went higher and expenses at the track went higher. “With all that said, we put on probably one of the highest-quality music ...AGRIBUSINESS: Dairy Concerns Reemerge With Farm Bill UncertaintyIf Congress doesn’t act and the current nine month extension of the 2008 Farm Bill expires – farm programs will revert to 1949 law. That measure sets a much higher price for government purchases of cheese, butter and other dairy products ...America Breaking News: Diddy Hopes to Bring Music Back to TV With RevoltDiddy had been working on developing a TV network for years. When he was almost shut out of performing on ABC's "Dancing With the Stars" around the release of a 2010 album, the rapper-producer realized he needed to launch the network sooner rather than later.Animals more important to Lewis then musicFormer Anglo chairman Alan Dukes knew about the tapes of explosive phone calls between senior managers at the bank, but did not bring them to the attention of investigators because he was not asked about them. The mother of murdered toddler ...Arsenio Hall returning to Milwaukee televisionHall’s new show is being syndicated by CBS Television Distribution and Chicago-based Tribune Broadcasting ... Cleveland, St. Louis, Kansas City, Greensboro, N.C., and Norfolk, Va. Tribune this year launched a television production company ...Aspen Music School & Festival unveils new $60 million campusSince that time, it has served as the home of the educational activities of the festival and school and as a counterpoint to the festival's performance facilities in Aspen's West End. The music school has been around since 1951. More than 600 attend the ...As equities dance, bonds threaten to stop the musicThe global equity markets have been catching a bounce, but the bond markets signal a potential bear. The prices of 10-year US treasury (UST) a key global benchmark fell drastically yesterday, pushing yields to 2.7%, a level last seen in March 2012.ATF price hiked by steep 5.8 percent; second consecutive increase since JuneNew Delhi: Jet fuel (ATF) prices were on Sunday hiked by a steep 5.8 percent, the second consecutive increase since June, as rupee depreciation made imports costlier. Aviation Turbine Fuel, or ATF, price at Delhi was hiked by Rs 3,617.84 per kilolitre (kl ...A flair for creationShe works mainly with stones, kundan, chamkis and handmade objects which metamorphose after her intervention ... she cuts the transparent sheets into the required shapes and begins working on them. However, she doesn’t restrict herself simply to plastic ...A ONE-SIDED CONVERSATION ABOUT MUSICThat would make China and the United States roughly equal in economic power, accounting for about 18 percent each of the world's total economic output. When you consider that just a decade ago the U.S. economy was three times the size of China's ...BAE Systems UK upgrading Hawk jet trainers for AustraliaWILLIAMTOWN, Australia, July 8 (UPI) -- BAE Systems UK has been tapped by Australia to conduct a major upgrade to nearly three dozen Hawk jet trainer aircraft. The contract to BAE Systems UK, the manufacturer of the plane, is for five years but ...Beats trying to launch streaming music service with AT&TWhen Jimmy Iovine, the co-founder and CEO of Beats Electronics, launches his much-anticipated subscription music service in the coming months, he wants to do so with some big marketing muscle help from AT&T. In recent weeks, Iovine has been in talks with ...Beyonce's Blue Ivy Pics Prove That Life Is Good For A BeyBaySay what you will about Beyoncé, but for our part, we're still checking her Tumblr on a daily basis (hers and Solange's, of course). And yesterday, Queen B revealed a little bit of hidden treasure sure to stir envy in the heart of any super-fan.Beyoncé $100 million dance game lawsuit settledBeyoncé Knowles' $100 million legal tussle with video game company Gate Five has reached an out-of-court settlement. The famed singer had signed a joint venture with Gate Five to help create a mo-cap dancing game titled Starpower: Beyoncé.Beyoncé and hubby to collaborate on new albumFormer Anglo chairman Alan Dukes knew about the tapes of explosive phone calls between senior managers at the bank, but did not bring them to the attention of investigators because he was not asked about them. The number of college students ...Beyoncé Settles Video Game LawsuitBeyoncé has settled a lawsuit with a New York City-based video game developer who sued for $100 million after Bey backed out of a deal to make an interactive video game. The company, called Gate Five, claimed that Bey's departure caused them to lay off 70 ...Blue Ivy Pics From Beyonce's Tumblr 2013Say what you will about Beyoncé, but for our part, we're still checking her Tumblr on a daily basis (hers and Solange's, of course). And yesterday, Queen B revealed a little bit of hidden treasure sure to stir envy in the heart of any super-fan.Business Intelligence Busts Bad Movies and Bad Business with In-Memory ComputingAre you into bad movies – or love to hate them? Depending on your age, think Myra Breckinridge in the 1970’s, Mommie Dearest in the 80’s, Batman & Robin in the 90’s, and Gigli in the early 2000’s (acknowledging that Ben Affleck has redeemed his ...Buying this home costs less than seeing BeyonceThe home was appraised at $128,000, according to Harris County Appraisal District records. Like other penny auction sites, the sale comes with a bit of twist. The company requires bidders to register and buy a series of reports on the home. That ...Canadian pension plan is going to the moviesOMERS Private Equity, in equal partnership with the Alberta Investment Management Corp., is buying multiplex theater operator Vue Entertainment from private equity firm Doughty Hanson for £935 million ($1.46 billion), confirmed Lori McLeod ...Car-sharing startup battling city regulationsBURLINGAME, Calif. — Out of a tiny, green shack on a parking lot in an industrial area south of San Francisco International Airport, three teenagers are trying to change the airport car rental business. To do it, all they need are your cars, and ...Catherine Verdon-Diamond, Laura Casella and Elias Makos added to City Montreal’s Breakfast Television line-upCity Montreal announced Monday that it has added three new journalists to Breakfast Television’s on-air line-up. Catherine Verdon-Diamond will be the weather and traffic specialist, Laura Casella has been hired as news producer and reporter ...CBS Television Studios Announces Comic-Con Panels Including 'Under the Dome', 'Beauty and the Beast' & MoreFor the latest updates on UNDER THE DOME, go to www.facebook.com/UnderTheDomeCBS, http://underthedomeoncbs.tumblr.com, and follow @UnderTheDomeCBS and stars and producers @DeanJNorris, @RachelleLefevre, @nataliemartinez, @RealBritt_Rob ...Cellairis Opens New In-Line Store Location in FlorenceATLANTA (July 8, 2013) – Cellairis®, one of the nation’s largest and most trusted wireless accessory specialty retailers, is increasing its brand presence in the Florence, Ala. region by introducing one of its new and innovative store ...Chicago's Tribune Co. to buy two Oklahoma City television stationsCHICAGO — Tribune Co. said Monday that it reached a deal to buy Local TV Holdings LLC's 19 TV stations, including KFOR-TV and KAUT-TV in Oklahoma City, for $2.73 billion in cash, significantly boosting its television business as it looks to ...City Montreal Announces Additions to Breakfast Television Teamwith the addition of Montreal natives Catherine Verdon-Diamond as Weather and Traffic Specialist, Laura Casella as News Producer and Reporter, and Elias Makos as New Media Producer and Commentator. Casella, Verdon-Diamond, and Makos join previously ...Coach Makes First Major Step To Move Back Up Luxury Retail LadderThe re-branding effort will also mean a change in price. “You can have a $5,000, $2,000, $3,000 Coach bag in the future,” Luis told WWD.Coast West Music Fest draws 75,000; organizers celebrate event's successInstead, event organizers purposely focused on live entertainment, said Nick Bessinger, executive director of Coast West Music Festival and Muskegon Festival Group of Muskegon County. "Booking music is always difficult. It took us eight months to get us ...Cord-cutting increases over-the-air television usersAbout The Author: Editor-in-Chief Dave Seyler has spent the past 20 years with RBR-TVBR. He joined the company in 1992 after breaking into the broadcast trades with Broadcasting and Cable. He provides coverage of Washington, station transactions, general ...Couple leave roadside cafe after 23 years (From This is Hampshire)AN ELDERLY couple are set to leave the roadside cafe in Hook they have run for 23 years because of declining trade. Bobby and Margaret Day took over the running of The Shack Café, in London Road, in 1980, serving cooked meals and cups of tea to customers ...Cribs in cribs: Young couples — with children in mind — are opting to buy downtown for its lifestyleHe says that he and his wife (they just married last October) appreciate Edition Richmond’s features, such as modern, open living spaces, lots of natural light (sunshine pours in from lightwells at the rear of each unit), soaker tubs ...David Hasselhoff Is "Thirsty for Your Love" International Beach and Music Sensation Professes Love to Iced Coffee in New VideoLooking right at home on the beach, Hasselhoff sings of his affection for Cumberland Farms' Farmhouse Blend iced coffee in a new music video showcasing the humorous side of the former Baywatch star. The new creative is the second advertising campaign ...David Wicklund Joins Vinson & Elkins’ Finance Practice Group as PartnerVinson & Elkins is an international law firm with more than 700 lawyers across 16 offices worldwide. They are a finance practice group, with substantial experience in acquisition finance and capital markets yield offerings. U.S. News ranked ...Deborah Morse Reviews Germany's Care of Justin Bieber's Monkey, Highlights Responsibility Required fFor small primate breeder and broker Deborah Morse--owner of Florida-based Exotic Pets and More Inc.--it takes a high degree of compassion and responsibility to care for any animal, whether it is a rare or average pet. As a breeder, Morse strives to make ...Dreamworks strikes television show deal in Germany with Super RTLDreamworks Animation, the studio that is home to Shrek, Kung Fu Panda and Madagascar, is making its way to Germany television under a deal with a children's television operator. Dreamworks and Super RTL announced a five-year television agreement ...Facts about upcoming EU member CroatiaCroatia is known mostly for its stunning Adriatic coast. The island of Hvar became a fashionable destination which has welcomed international stars like Beyonce or Tom Cruise. The walled city of Dubrovnik is protected as a UNESCO heritage site and a ...Food Trucks Expand to Philly SuburbsOnly a few years ago, customers would drive all the way to college campuses in West Philadelphia or the hip area of Northern Liberties to indulge in gourmet food trucks, but times have changed since then. More and more entrepreneurs are starting to realize ...For stocks, a good first half is tough to matchNEW YORK (AP) - The stock market just had its best first half of the year since 1998. Now what? History suggests stock investors will make more money the second half of the year. Since World War II, a big increase in the first half of a year has almost ...Frack music attracts Halliburton to submarine spy toolA gossamer-thin glass line threaded two miles underground is allowing oilfield engineers to listen to a new kind of music: the sounds of fracking. Halliburton Co. and competing providers of drilling gear are adapting acoustic spy technology used ...Friends not happy with Gomez-Bieber reunionFormer Anglo chairman Alan Dukes knew about the tapes of explosive phone calls between senior managers at the bank, but did not bring them to the attention of investigators because he was not asked about them. The number of college students ...Gannett purchases Belo, increases presence in television broadcastingMcLEAN, Va. (AP) — Gannett said it reached a deal to buy Belo for about $1.5 billion in cash, significantly boosting its presence in television broadcasting. Under the agreement announced Thursday, Gannett will buy Belo, which is based in ...Gannett to purchase Belo, add 20 television stationsMCLEAN, Virginia - Gannett Co., the owner of USA TODAY and other newspaper and television properties across the USA and United Kingdom, announced on Thursday that it is entering into a definitive merger agreement with Belo Corp., catapulting Gannett into ...Great American Road Trip Making Comeback This SummerROCKVILLE, Md. — The outlook for family summer travel is bright, according to a new national survey by Choice Hotels International, Inc. and FamilyFun magazine. With the economy improving, more than 4 out of 5 respondents (83 percent) said ...How to Write a Business Plan for a Live Music RestaurantServing up delicious food and entertainment are just the start when it comes to opening a live music restaurant. That’s where a business plan becomes valuable; it helps you ask the tough questions that reveal whether the business is viable. The plan also ...Indigo Film and Television names sales headBefore joining Indigo, Partner spent two years managing European and Australian TV accounts for The Pokémon Company. Prior to that he held positions at Filmbank Distributors, Canterbury Television and FremantleMedia. He joins Indigo as it seeks ...inome Presents its 5th Annual Free “Summer Movies in the Park” Series to Benefit Local Non-Profitsinome, in collaboration with Bellevue Parks and Community Services, presents its fifth annual Summer Movies in the Park. This free event benefits local non-profit organizations, including Bellevue LifeSpring, Boys & Girls Club of Bellevue and ...International music fest eyes Cedar RunMysteryland, the largest and longest running music festival in the Netherlands, wants to expand to The Blue Mountains in 2014. Council has given its support "in principle" for the weekend-long music festival slated for July 18-20, 2014. The event is ...I listen to music, watch movies and football to relax– Lagos Airport Hotel MD Kayode AdenigbaAS it is typical of people in hospitality business, Kayode Adenigba, the Managing Director of Lagos Airport Hotel, knows how to win people with friendly smiles. Lagos Airport Hotel is a subsidiary of Odu’a Investment Company Limited, and Adenigba is one ...JHD-DCI Launches Sizzle Movies Service to Promote Image & Product SalesJHD-DCI, a unit of JHD Productions, announced the launch of rich media corporate and brand Sizzle Movies™ to offer companies 3-minute multi-media presentations that deliver company, service and product messages designed to generate sales. Hugh Daly ...Justin Bieber Does It Again This Time Hitting Pedestrian With His White FerrariLast night, May 17th, Justin Bieber hit a pedestrian with his white Ferrari in Hollywood. The pedestrian is believed to be a photographer and the injuries he suffered are not life-threatening. The police will not pursue a case against Justin Bieber and ...10 More Terrible Movies That Killed Awesome FranchisesDon’t you just hate it when your favourite movie franchise gets killed off by a terrible – nay, awful – instalment? You often wonder how it’s even possible to make such a bad movie when the one, two or more movies that came before were so good.4 Tips to Break Into the Music IndustryIt's not always easy to follow your dreams, and there are certain industries that pose a greater barrier to entry than others. The music industry is definitely one of those. Whether you have dreams of volunteering your summer at Warped Tour, or ..."THE MRS. CARTER SHOW WORLD TOUR" Starring BEYONCEA special pre-sale for registered members of Beyonce's BeyHive Blog will begin at 10:00AM ... LA The Mercedes-Benz Essence Music Festival Superdome Jul-9 Ft. Lauderdale, FL BB&T Center SOLD OUT Jul-10 Miami, FL American Airlines SOLD OUT Arena ...80/35 Music Festival finds the formula for success“We went over two and a half times our original talent budget, 40 percent over our ad budget, production obviously went higher and expenses at the track went higher. “With all that said, we put on probably one of the highest-quality music ...AGRIBUSINESS: Dairy Concerns Reemerge With Farm Bill UncertaintyIf Congress doesn’t act and the current nine month extension of the 2008 Farm Bill expires – farm programs will revert to 1949 law. That measure sets a much higher price for government purchases of cheese, butter and other dairy products ...America Breaking News: Diddy Hopes to Bring Music Back to TV With RevoltDiddy had been working on developing a TV network for years. When he was almost shut out of performing on ABC's "Dancing With the Stars" around the release of a 2010 album, the rapper-producer realized he needed to launch the network sooner rather than later.Animals more important to Lewis then musicFormer Anglo chairman Alan Dukes knew about the tapes of explosive phone calls between senior managers at the bank, but did not bring them to the attention of investigators because he was not asked about them. The mother of murdered toddler ...Arsenio Hall returning to Milwaukee televisionHall’s new show is being syndicated by CBS Television Distribution and Chicago-based Tribune Broadcasting ... Cleveland, St. Louis, Kansas City, Greensboro, N.C., and Norfolk, Va. Tribune this year launched a television production company ...Aspen Music School & Festival unveils new $60 million campusSince that time, it has served as the home of the educational activities of the festival and school and as a counterpoint to the festival's performance facilities in Aspen's West End. The music school has been around since 1951. More than 600 attend the ...As equities dance, bonds threaten to stop the musicThe global equity markets have been catching a bounce, but the bond markets signal a potential bear. The prices of 10-year US treasury (UST) a key global benchmark fell drastically yesterday, pushing yields to 2.7%, a level last seen in March 2012.ATF price hiked by steep 5.8 percent; second consecutive increase since JuneNew Delhi: Jet fuel (ATF) prices were on Sunday hiked by a steep 5.8 percent, the second consecutive increase since June, as rupee depreciation made imports costlier. Aviation Turbine Fuel, or ATF, price at Delhi was hiked by Rs 3,617.84 per kilolitre (kl ...A flair for creationShe works mainly with stones, kundan, chamkis and handmade objects which metamorphose after her intervention ... she cuts the transparent sheets into the required shapes and begins working on them. However, she doesn’t restrict herself simply to plastic ...A ONE-SIDED CONVERSATION ABOUT MUSICThat would make China and the United States roughly equal in economic power, accounting for about 18 percent each of the world's total economic output. When you consider that just a decade ago the U.S. economy was three times the size of China's ...BAE Systems UK upgrading Hawk jet trainers for AustraliaWILLIAMTOWN, Australia, July 8 (UPI) -- BAE Systems UK has been tapped by Australia to conduct a major upgrade to nearly three dozen Hawk jet trainer aircraft. The contract to BAE Systems UK, the manufacturer of the plane, is for five years but ...Beats trying to launch streaming music service with AT&TWhen Jimmy Iovine, the co-founder and CEO of Beats Electronics, launches his much-anticipated subscription music service in the coming months, he wants to do so with some big marketing muscle help from AT&T. In recent weeks, Iovine has been in talks with ...Beyonce's Blue Ivy Pics Prove That Life Is Good For A BeyBaySay what you will about Beyoncé, but for our part, we're still checking her Tumblr on a daily basis (hers and Solange's, of course). And yesterday, Queen B revealed a little bit of hidden treasure sure to stir envy in the heart of any super-fan.Beyoncé $100 million dance game lawsuit settledBeyoncé Knowles' $100 million legal tussle with video game company Gate Five has reached an out-of-court settlement. The famed singer had signed a joint venture with Gate Five to help create a mo-cap dancing game titled Starpower: Beyoncé.Beyoncé and hubby to collaborate on new albumFormer Anglo chairman Alan Dukes knew about the tapes of explosive phone calls between senior managers at the bank, but did not bring them to the attention of investigators because he was not asked about them. The number of college students ...Beyoncé Settles Video Game LawsuitBeyoncé has settled a lawsuit with a New York City-based video game developer who sued for $100 million after Bey backed out of a deal to make an interactive video game. The company, called Gate Five, claimed that Bey's departure caused them to lay off 70 ...Blue Ivy Pics From Beyonce's Tumblr 2013Say what you will about Beyoncé, but for our part, we're still checking her Tumblr on a daily basis (hers and Solange's, of course). And yesterday, Queen B revealed a little bit of hidden treasure sure to stir envy in the heart of any super-fan.Business Intelligence Busts Bad Movies and Bad Business with In-Memory ComputingAre you into bad movies – or love to hate them? Depending on your age, think Myra Breckinridge in the 1970’s, Mommie Dearest in the 80’s, Batman & Robin in the 90’s, and Gigli in the early 2000’s (acknowledging that Ben Affleck has redeemed his ...Buying this home costs less than seeing BeyonceThe home was appraised at $128,000, according to Harris County Appraisal District records. Like other penny auction sites, the sale comes with a bit of twist. The company requires bidders to register and buy a series of reports on the home. That ...Canadian pension plan is going to the moviesOMERS Private Equity, in equal partnership with the Alberta Investment Management Corp., is buying multiplex theater operator Vue Entertainment from private equity firm Doughty Hanson for £935 million ($1.46 billion), confirmed Lori McLeod ...Car-sharing startup battling city regulationsBURLINGAME, Calif. — Out of a tiny, green shack on a parking lot in an industrial area south of San Francisco International Airport, three teenagers are trying to change the airport car rental business. To do it, all they need are your cars, and ...Catherine Verdon-Diamond, Laura Casella and Elias Makos added to City Montreal’s Breakfast Television line-upCity Montreal announced Monday that it has added three new journalists to Breakfast Television’s on-air line-up. Catherine Verdon-Diamond will be the weather and traffic specialist, Laura Casella has been hired as news producer and reporter ...CBS Television Studios Announces Comic-Con Panels Including 'Under the Dome', 'Beauty and the Beast' & MoreFor the latest updates on UNDER THE DOME, go to www.facebook.com/UnderTheDomeCBS, http://underthedomeoncbs.tumblr.com, and follow @UnderTheDomeCBS and stars and producers @DeanJNorris, @RachelleLefevre, @nataliemartinez, @RealBritt_Rob ...Cellairis Opens New In-Line Store Location in FlorenceATLANTA (July 8, 2013) – Cellairis®, one of the nation’s largest and most trusted wireless accessory specialty retailers, is increasing its brand presence in the Florence, Ala. region by introducing one of its new and innovative store ...Chicago's Tribune Co. to buy two Oklahoma City television stationsCHICAGO — Tribune Co. said Monday that it reached a deal to buy Local TV Holdings LLC's 19 TV stations, including KFOR-TV and KAUT-TV in Oklahoma City, for $2.73 billion in cash, significantly boosting its television business as it looks to ...City Montreal Announces Additions to Breakfast Television Teamwith the addition of Montreal natives Catherine Verdon-Diamond as Weather and Traffic Specialist, Laura Casella as News Producer and Reporter, and Elias Makos as New Media Producer and Commentator. Casella, Verdon-Diamond, and Makos join previously ...Coach Makes First Major Step To Move Back Up Luxury Retail LadderThe re-branding effort will also mean a change in price. “You can have a $5,000, $2,000, $3,000 Coach bag in the future,” Luis told WWD.Coast West Music Fest draws 75,000; organizers celebrate event's successInstead, event organizers purposely focused on live entertainment, said Nick Bessinger, executive director of Coast West Music Festival and Muskegon Festival Group of Muskegon County. "Booking music is always difficult. It took us eight months to get us ...Cord-cutting increases over-the-air television usersAbout The Author: Editor-in-Chief Dave Seyler has spent the past 20 years with RBR-TVBR. He joined the company in 1992 after breaking into the broadcast trades with Broadcasting and Cable. He provides coverage of Washington, station transactions, general ...Couple leave roadside cafe after 23 years (From This is Hampshire)AN ELDERLY couple are set to leave the roadside cafe in Hook they have run for 23 years because of declining trade. Bobby and Margaret Day took over the running of The Shack Café, in London Road, in 1980, serving cooked meals and cups of tea to customers ...Cribs in cribs: Young couples — with children in mind — are opting to buy downtown for its lifestyleHe says that he and his wife (they just married last October) appreciate Edition Richmond’s features, such as modern, open living spaces, lots of natural light (sunshine pours in from lightwells at the rear of each unit), soaker tubs ...David Hasselhoff Is "Thirsty for Your Love" International Beach and Music Sensation Professes Love to Iced Coffee in New VideoLooking right at home on the beach, Hasselhoff sings of his affection for Cumberland Farms' Farmhouse Blend iced coffee in a new music video showcasing the humorous side of the former Baywatch star. The new creative is the second advertising campaign ...David Wicklund Joins Vinson & Elkins’ Finance Practice Group as PartnerVinson & Elkins is an international law firm with more than 700 lawyers across 16 offices worldwide. They are a finance practice group, with substantial experience in acquisition finance and capital markets yield offerings. U.S. News ranked ...Deborah Morse Reviews Germany's Care of Justin Bieber's Monkey, Highlights Responsibility Required fFor small primate breeder and broker Deborah Morse--owner of Florida-based Exotic Pets and More Inc.--it takes a high degree of compassion and responsibility to care for any animal, whether it is a rare or average pet. As a breeder, Morse strives to make ...Dreamworks strikes television show deal in Germany with Super RTLDreamworks Animation, the studio that is home to Shrek, Kung Fu Panda and Madagascar, is making its way to Germany television under a deal with a children's television operator. Dreamworks and Super RTL announced a five-year television agreement ...Facts about upcoming EU member CroatiaCroatia is known mostly for its stunning Adriatic coast. The island of Hvar became a fashionable destination which has welcomed international stars like Beyonce or Tom Cruise. The walled city of Dubrovnik is protected as a UNESCO heritage site and a ...Food Trucks Expand to Philly SuburbsOnly a few years ago, customers would drive all the way to college campuses in West Philadelphia or the hip area of Northern Liberties to indulge in gourmet food trucks, but times have changed since then. More and more entrepreneurs are starting to realize ...For stocks, a good first half is tough to matchNEW YORK (AP) - The stock market just had its best first half of the year since 1998. Now what? History suggests stock investors will make more money the second half of the year. Since World War II, a big increase in the first half of a year has almost ...Frack music attracts Halliburton to submarine spy toolA gossamer-thin glass line threaded two miles underground is allowing oilfield engineers to listen to a new kind of music: the sounds of fracking. Halliburton Co. and competing providers of drilling gear are adapting acoustic spy technology used ...Friends not happy with Gomez-Bieber reunionFormer Anglo chairman Alan Dukes knew about the tapes of explosive phone calls between senior managers at the bank, but did not bring them to the attention of investigators because he was not asked about them. The number of college students ...Gannett purchases Belo, increases presence in television broadcastingMcLEAN, Va. (AP) — Gannett said it reached a deal to buy Belo for about $1.5 billion in cash, significantly boosting its presence in television broadcasting. Under the agreement announced Thursday, Gannett will buy Belo, which is based in ...Gannett to purchase Belo, add 20 television stationsMCLEAN, Virginia - Gannett Co., the owner of USA TODAY and other newspaper and television properties across the USA and United Kingdom, announced on Thursday that it is entering into a definitive merger agreement with Belo Corp., catapulting Gannett into ...Great American Road Trip Making Comeback This SummerROCKVILLE, Md. — The outlook for family summer travel is bright, according to a new national survey by Choice Hotels International, Inc. and FamilyFun magazine. With the economy improving, more than 4 out of 5 respondents (83 percent) said ...How to Write a Business Plan for a Live Music RestaurantServing up delicious food and entertainment are just the start when it comes to opening a live music restaurant. That’s where a business plan becomes valuable; it helps you ask the tough questions that reveal whether the business is viable. The plan also ...Indigo Film and Television names sales headBefore joining Indigo, Partner spent two years managing European and Australian TV accounts for The Pokémon Company. Prior to that he held positions at Filmbank Distributors, Canterbury Television and FremantleMedia. He joins Indigo as it seeks ...inome Presents its 5th Annual Free “Summer Movies in the Park” Series to Benefit Local Non-Profitsinome, in collaboration with Bellevue Parks and Community Services, presents its fifth annual Summer Movies in the Park. This free event benefits local non-profit organizations, including Bellevue LifeSpring, Boys & Girls Club of Bellevue and ...International music fest eyes Cedar RunMysteryland, the largest and longest running music festival in the Netherlands, wants to expand to The Blue Mountains in 2014. Council has given its support "in principle" for the weekend-long music festival slated for July 18-20, 2014. The event is ...I listen to music, watch movies and football to relax– Lagos Airport Hotel MD Kayode AdenigbaAS it is typical of people in hospitality business, Kayode Adenigba, the Managing Director of Lagos Airport Hotel, knows how to win people with friendly smiles. Lagos Airport Hotel is a subsidiary of Odu’a Investment Company Limited, and Adenigba is one ...JHD-DCI Launches Sizzle Movies Service to Promote Image & Product SalesJHD-DCI, a unit of JHD Productions, announced the launch of rich media corporate and brand Sizzle Movies™ to offer companies 3-minute multi-media presentations that deliver company, service and product messages designed to generate sales. Hugh Daly ...Justin Bieber Does It Again This Time Hitting Pedestrian With His White FerrariLast night, May 17th, Justin Bieber hit a pedestrian with his white Ferrari in Hollywood. The pedestrian is believed to be a photographer and the injuries he suffered are not life-threatening. The police will not pursue a case against Justin Bieber andLevitating Magician Dynamo Dazzles For Pepsi Max Campaign Commercial: Is It Better Than The Beyonce Ad [VIDEOS]?Pepsi Max sure knows how to stir up reactions ... News, Dynamo's arm is in fact a steel prosthetic fastened to the side of the bus, and his real arms is presumably tucked away inside his jacket. "His fingers don't move in the clip and there ...Local Television in 2018: Evolving with Shifting Audience DemosThe FINANCIAL -- Over the next five years, the U.S. local TV audience will be increasingly multicultural and multi-screen. Trends highlight that local audiences are changing rapidly as they seek information that connects both culturally and digitally ...LudRock concerts about more than musicLudRock isn’t just music to Ludington — it’s a benefi t for several local organizations. The event, which was started as a get-together by some friends over the July 4th holiday, has grown into a two-day festival. This year it’s part of ...Major Cable Television Distributor Seeks Chapter 11 Bankruptcy ReliefCable Ready Corp., the Connecticut-based distributor of popular cable-television like "Inside the Actors Studio" and "Live from Lincoln Center" has filed for bankruptcy help, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. Sources say the company plans ...Marin Music Project unveils four-year planThe Marin Music Project is getting down to business, literally—as the proposed ode to Marin’s rock ‘n’ roll legacy has released a mission statement and “strategic plan” in an effort to lay a firmer foundation as it embarks on a second attempt ...Marketing Lessons From This Summer's Blockbuster MoviesBig brand marketing and summer blockbuster movies have gone hand-in-hand for years now from Ray-Ban sunglasses in Men In Black to Disney characters printed on cereal boxes -- but this season feels different. Brand and movie partnership marketing ...Metro looks to appeal ruling on Music City Center landMetro will seek to appeal a court ruling that said the city must pay a property owner more than twice as much as it offered for land that's now part of the Music City Center, the city’s convention center authority announced Friday. A Nashville ...Microsoft CEO's message resonates with Houston companiesMolly Ryan covers manufacturing, technology, the Port and logistics for the Houston Business Journal. Steve Ballmer, CEO of Microsoft Corp., visited Houston to discuss technology trends as well as new Microsoft products, such as Windows 8.1. As rain tri ...Midlife Crises: Osama bin Laden Wore a Cowboy Hat and Stress-Ate Between MealsAl Jazeera has obtained a document from the Pakistani government concerning Osama bin Laden’s mostly undetected, early aughts sabbatical in Abbottabad. The report includes a number of fascinating revelations about the sartorial, dietary, and psychologica ...Ministry through musicAsked how they would describe their music, the four young men of Living Scars paused before giving a variety of answers to describe their Christian rock band. Giving their answers — ranging from “rock, but heavy” to “kind of mellow” to ...Monday Breakdown - Music at City MarketPiano music has been a long-standing element of the Hagerstown farmer’s markets on Saturday mornings, but a Funkstown reader recently inquired through Mail Call about the music being halted due to a complaint. “I have gone to the City Market ...Monday Five: Farmer's Market Opening, Give Blood, Movies FridayFarmer's Market opens Tuesday The Woonsocket Farmers Market is open every Tuesday from 3:30 - 6:30 p.m. at Thundermist Health Center - starting July 9. Swing by and check out the fresh food and items for sale. The market is held every Tuesday through Oct ...More tickets sold for second day of 80/35 Music FestivalTO READERS: This correction regarding the story below was published July 6: A story Saturday about the 80/35 Music Festival included incorrect information about the attendance Friday. The crowd was smaller than it was on the first day of the ...Motive Television awaits court ruling on CCAN caseMobile TV specialist Motive Television (LON:MTV) says it may not receive a court ruling on the case concerning its dispute with CCAN and its shareholding in the company until the autumn. It follows a trial on Wednesday at a court in Barcelona. Motive is ...Movies at Avondale Park tonight: E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (Community Clips)Movies at Avondale Park’s first movie—presented on June 4 with Disney’s “UP,”—had more than 850 people in attendance. “The Princess Bride” screened June 11 and last week’s scheduled showing of “E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial” was moved to ...Movies in the Park ContinueFree movies in the park is underway. The second movie in the series is coming up. On Friday, the second movie, "Hotel Transylvania," will play at Veteran's Park at 9:15 p.m. On July 12, "Rise of the Guardians" will play at South Park. Dr. Seuss's "The ...Music & VideoAudio Video System is based in Metro-Detroit. The Rochester location has been in place since 1989 and has become part of…More the community as a result. It sells home theaters and the staff inside is always waiting to offer personalized help. Custom Amp ...Music Equipment & Wardrobe Storage CabinetsAll latches on the doors must have a sliding metal lasp so that the door may be secured in place with the latch and accept a pad lock. Latches must be made so that the latch will not get caught in an adjacent door when opened, and will not be opened on the ...Music school’s campus open after constructionThe Aspen Music School’s Bucksbaum Campus is again alive with the sounds of music, after nine months of clamoring jackhammers and drills. The first phase of construction on the project was completed in May, after an ambitious and fast-paced wintertime ...Music teachers among victims of Plymouth fireGift card donations to Target, Kohl’s, Bed, Bath and Beyond, Walmart and any grocery store can be dropped off at the Visual and Performing Arts Department at PCIS, 117 Long Pond Road, weekdays from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Contact VPA Coordinator Mike Caple at ...Music World bids adieu after 13 years"I was there on the opening day 13 years back," said history professor and poet Sharmila ... Roy, too, had been at Music World the day it opened its doors for the first time. "We even brought a camera with which we clicked and got clicked ...NABOB targeting $750 million in federal advertising for Black-owned radio, television“If the federal government fails to utilize the advertising vehicles that reach the African-American public, it is virtually impossible for the federal government to achieve its informational and educational goals in our communities.” In ...Natpe Budapest & deep CEE television industry changesIn this sense, the organizer delivered on June 26 a research for the attendees to know their opinions about this edition and to ask about 2014, including a question about changing the city for the market next year. The three most mentioned cities were ...NBC Owned Television Stations Promote Two to Senior VP PositionsMeredith McGinn has been named senior vp at COZI TV Network and LX.TV Productions, and Jeff Kurtz was upped to senior vp digital media and multicast sales. The NBC Owned Television Stations division of NBCUniversal has promoted Meredith McGinn to senior vp ...New Sales Head for Indigo Film & TelevisionLONDON: Indigo Film & Television has named Sam Partner as its head of sales. In his new role, Partner will supervise the company's sales team. He is also expected to execute sales strategies and increase sales targets while managing territories in North ...New startup television station targets Venezuelan expatsAccording to Cortez, Telecaribe will produce between 8 and 12 hours of original programming a day, including entertainment, games, comedies, children’s programs, interviews and debates. “We don’t want to limit ourselves to known faces,” the manager ...New television station aims at Venezuelan expatsThe rest of the content will come from abroad. Specifically, the Gomezes plan to buy canned programs from Radio Caracas Televisión (RCTV), the dean of Venezuelan TV, that have not yet aired in this market. The new company will also purchase ...No outdoor movies this summer in KentThe city of Kent's free summer outdoor movies won't be back this year because of city budget cutbacks. Kent started the movies in 2009 at Town Square Plaza. Three movies were shown on a big screen in August on Friday nights. "Unfortunately, it's ...Obama reiterates climate change plan(CNN) – President Barack Obama continued to push his aggressive climate change plan, urging Americans in his weekly address Saturday to contact their representatives and remind them "there is no contradiction between a sound environment and a ...Old-time movies at Oldest House, the mystery(June 26, 2013) Those in attendance Tuesday night at a private function at the Oldest House on Sunset Hill, owned by the Nantucket Historical Association, were treated to a drive-in movie complete with classic films and classic cars. It is not known who ...On Tap Today: Fast bikes, faster movies ... and the CubsThe last time Sängerfest was held in Milwaukee was 1973 ... Read Full Blog Post (15) The Wall Street Journal reported this month that the unemployment rate for recent college graduates who majored in English was 9.8%, compared with 5.8% ...Parallel Media stage Bieber showSports and entertainment agency Parallel Media (LON:PAA) has said it will stage a Justin Bieber concert in South Korea in October. The group, which saw success with its AIA K-Pop concerts in Hong Kong and Kuala Lumpur earlier this year, has said it will ...Pepperdine University now offers a Certificate in Film & Television FinancePepperdine University has announced that it will now offer a new Certificate in Film and Television Finance. Pepperdine University’s Graziadio School of Business and Management will provide current and future entertainment finance professionals with in ...Pinewood Shepperton film studios may miss out on blockbuster moviesThe company, which worked on Brad Pitt’s World War Z film, moved £1.3million into the black last year on revenue of £55.6million as it rebounded from a £1.9million loss over the previous 15 months. But its attempts to meet growing demand with a £ ...PlayStation 3 adds Now TV in the UK, offers access to Sky Movies and Sky SportsNOW TV, the internet TV service powered by Sky, is now available on PlayStation®3. NOW TV offers instant access to Sky Movies and all six Sky Sports channels with no contract, set-up costs or installation. From today users will be able to ...Pleasant Hill home to special place of music, food, fellowshipTables surround the pavilion, donated by a church and fire hall. The music and fellowship are the big draws, but the sharing of food in a family atmosphere is a big plus. Monica prepares most of the meals herself with volunteer help and donations from ...Pro-coal Sentiment Increases as Mines CloseIn 2008, Perry County, Ky., Clerk Haven King got fed up with how the Lexington Herald-Leader depicted mountaintop-removal mining in southeastern Kentucky. "They showed pictures in there that just weren't true. They showed it as destruction ...Proposal in Ohio budget would apply state sales tax to movies, music, books downloaded onlineCOLUMBUS, Ohio — Downloading the latest pop music hit or best-selling crime novel could cost more next year in Ohio. A package of tax changes added to the state budget would increase the state sales tax and apply it to digital products, such as MP3s, e ...Ramadan paid parking timings for UAEFeeder bus service to Metro stations Al Rashidiya, Mall of the Emirates ... Licensing Department at Abu Dhabi Police has set the working hours for the service centers in Abu Dhabi and Al Ain during the Holy Month of Ramadan.Readers say thank you for ... Wonderful music, a boxing celebration and angels who saved an uncleTOPS Market, Nice N Easy, Express Mart, Rapasadi and Sons, Rick's Rags, Debrucque Greenhouses, Canastota Days Inn, Holiday Ice, Green Image Landscaping, Villari Landscaping, Clean Sweep, American Arborist, Oneida Indian Nation, Nighthawk Transportation ...Regal Entertainment Group has the Best Relative Performance in the Movies & Entertainment Industry (RGC, IMAX, DWA, NWS, CNK)Regal Entertainment Group consists of the controlling interest in United Artists Theater Company, Edwards Theaters, Inc., Regal Cinemas Corporation, and their subsidiaries. The Group operates a chain of theaters in the United States under the Regal Cinemas ...Relatively Good Performance Detected in Shares of Gray Television in the Broadcasting Industry (GTN, BLC, DISCA, SNI, CBS)Below are the top five companies in the Broadcasting industry as measured by relative performance. This analysis was compiled based on yesterday's trading activity as we search for stocks that have the potential to outperform. Gray Television (NYSE:GTN ...Revolutionizing the Way We Watch TV and MoviesWith only a few legal options for accessing TV programs and movies over the internet--pay upfront (Netflix, Amazon, iTunes) or sit through advertisements (Hulu)--it was inevitable that an alternative model would emerge. HitBliss, an online streaming site ...RM119m payout for Armed Forces Cooperative members"I am very proud of the achievement and I hope cooperative members are satisfied with the dividend rate approved," he said when opening the 48th Armed Forces Cooperative annual general meeting at the Sungai Buloh army camp in Kuala Lumpur today. Unveiling ...S&P downgrades Softbank Corp.’s credit rating due to huge debt linked to Sprint acquisitionNew York, NY, United States (4E) – Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services on Monday lowered Softbank Corp.’s long-term corporate credit rating by two levels to junk status due to huge amount of debt the Japanese wireless carrier has taken for its $21.6bn ...SAGU student film 'Under the Sun' to premiere on national television June 22@font-face { font-family: "Cambria"; }p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormal { margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; font-size: 12pt; font-family: "Times New Roman"; }div.Section1 { page: Section1; } The Southwestern Assemblies of God University (SAGU) student film ...Skydive Kapowsin Jumps In Shelton And Hollywood MoviesThe shooting for the movie was done in two North Carolina locations, with two weeks taking place at Oak Island, and the other three in Wilmington. “The actual process was a lot of fun. We were on a 100 foot zip-line for part of it. Then free ...Steve Wynn says federal officials ending inquiryLAS VEGAS (AP) -- Wynn Resorts Ltd. CEO Steve Wynn says the Securities and Exchange Commission has ended its inquiry into allegations by a Japanese billionaire that the casino operator made an improper donation to the University of Macau. Wynn informed The ...Target Founder Douglas Dayton DiesDouglas Dayton, the first president of Target Corp. and a community philanthropist, died Friday after a year-long battle with cancer. He was 88. "He really cared about improving the lives of everyone," said Wendy Dayton, his wife of 16 years.Television preview of BizTimes Mid-Year Economic ForecastThe U.S. stock market is building on record highs, the housing and automotive markets continue to recover, the banking industry has stabilized, gross domestic product continues to grow, the unemployment rate is falling and new jobs are being ...The 15 Highest Grossing Movies EverWe have compiled a list of the 15 most popular movies of all time, based on ticket sales. However, considering that the average ticket price in 1940 was only 24 cents, while nowadays prices range between 5 and $20, we adjusted the sales figures ...The Children Featured In The New Phillips 66 "Make A Splash" Television Commercial Are All Offspring Of Company Employees. (Photo: Business Wire)Find out if (PSX) is in Cramer's Portfolio. Phillips 66 (NYSE: PSX), an energy manufacturing and logistics company, is partnering with Olympic swimmer Cullen Jones. Jones will represent the company at the annual USA Swimming Foundation’s Make ...THE JONES GROUP INC.03/04 THE JONES GROUP INC.: to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2013 Consumer ... Release Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Financial Re.. 2012 California fight tests U.S. states' compact on business taxes 2012 THE JONES GROUP INC.: The Jones ...The State of Roc Nation, LLC: A Message to InvestorsTo the Investors of Roc Nation, LLC: It’s young H-O, rap’s Grateful Dead, the new Jean Michel, ya’ boy, Congratulations are in order after another lucrative second quarter for our venerable licensed legal corporation. As you may already ...The world is going wild for the royal babyThe youngest ever album-of-the-year ... Newspaper baron David Black, who is proposing to build a large oil refinery in Kitimat, is reportedly puzzled by the lack of interest by potential Canadian investors. The answer to his puzzlement is fairly...This time, the kids rate Pixar moviesBut almost half of the kids hated “Finding Nemo,” a movie that achieved a near perfect rating (99 percent positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes) from critics. What explains the difference? Critics often judge whether the movies are also good ...TNA Hires Former WWE Executive as Executive Vice President of Television ProductionNASHVILLE, Tenn. (June 27, 2013) – John Gaburick has been named Executive Vice President of Television Production for TNA Entertainment effective immediately. Gaburick is an accomplished production executive who joins TNA from World Wrestling ...Torrington music teacher hired to fill school district's human resources director roleTORRINGTON >> Torrington Board of Education’s new human resources director will have plenty of challenges in his first year, including a secondary education overhaul and implementing a new teacher evaluation system. Joseph Campolieta, 58, a 13 ...Tribune Company purchases two NW Arkansas television stationsThe Tribune Company announced today that it had entered into an agreement to acquire 19 television stations from Local TV Holdings LLC, including KFSM-TV 5 in Fort Smith and KXNW-TV 34 in Eureka Springs ... homes across the country. The sale ...Tribune to buy 19 television stationsIn a separate development, cable TV pioneer John C. Malone is interested in a deal for Time Warner Cable, according to a report Monday in The New York Times. • Malone, chairman of Liberty Media, according to unnamed sources, would have Charter ...Twinkies to last longer than many may rememberNEW YORK (AP) -- Twinkies don't last forever, but they'll have more staying power than most people remember when they return to shelves next week. Hostess Brands LLC says spongy yellow cakes will have a shelf life of 45 days when they start hitting stores ...U.S. says oil market can cope with more Iran export cutsVIENNA (Reuters) – The top U.S. energy official said he believed the oil market could cope with any further reduction of Iran’s oil exports from the tightening of sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme. U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest ...Unclean at Any SpeedHe was driving a hybrid electric car—not just any hybrid, mind you, but a chrome-plated Fisker Karma, a US $100 000 plug-in hybrid sports sedan he’d received as an 18th-birthday gift from his manager, Scooter Braun, and fellow singer Usher. During an ...US consumer borrowing up as credit card use risesWASHINGTON — Americans increased their borrowing in May at the fastest pace in a year. Borrowing in the category that includes credit cards reached its highest point since the fall of 2010. Increased borrowing can be a sign that consumers are ...Vote opens for GR's Movies in the ParkGRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) - Outdoor movies are coming to downtown Grand Rapids, and Downtown Grand Rapids Inc., a newly formed organization, wants to know which movies residents want to see. Monday, voting opened online for the upcoming Movies ...Which cooking oil is best?where he is holed up… According to a rider that was recently leaked to the internet (some Biber staffer somewhere is in trouuuble) Justin Bieber has strict rules when it comes to photo shoots. Get fit — we'll be along for the ride.Woodmen of the World Lodge 1 to hold music jam Monday, July 15Woodmen of the World Lodge 1 of Hagerstown is inviting residents to attend its inaugural music jam Monday, July 15, at 5:30 p.m. at the lodge grounds at 8334 Reichard Road in Fairplay. The event is free and open to the community. The event will ...World's richest man puts millions into music appThe world's richest man is putting 40 million dollars cash into the music app Shazam. The company says the cash infusion from Carlos Slim will help accelerate its ongoing growth in music, continued expansion into television and the development of in ...Worst to Best: Message MoviesThe Message: Back in the nineties, General Motors designed and built an electric car. Owners were impressed with its performance and it meant huge improvements for the environment and the motor industry as a whole. Despite its popularity, GM ceased ...Your Fall Weeknd TourCould it be an omen of good fortune to have The Weeknd as our first tour announcement on Monday morning? The fall tour begins with two September nights in British Columbia followed by stops in Seattle, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Tampa, Detroit and other ...