'A Good Story Always Beats the Facts' When Maine Lawmakers Craft LegislationAUGUSTA, Maine — If you want to drink a pint of Guinness before 9 a.m. on a Sunday when it’s St. Patrick’s Day in Maine you can now, thanks largely to a good story. One tavern owner — a longtime Republican — suggested the idea to Rep.83. Those are great goals but we have to get total control of Congress first including a filibusterproof majority in the Senate. (Or do away with the filibuster altogether.) You know that there is a snowball's chance in hell that SS will be strengthened or that Medicare for All will pass as long as the Tea Party controls the House. And with ...Abortion battle reignited across AmericaHundreds of people are expected to take part in demonstrations in Texas later tonight as the debate over abortion becomes a flashpoint issue in the United States again. After Democratic state Senator Wendy Davis pulled off a 12-hour filibuster ...Albert R. Hunt: Obama’s legacy may hinge on summer’s achievementsmore people start signing up for President Obama’s health care law; and even though no fiscal grand bargain is in the offing, an improving economy gives the president a stronger hand in dealing with Republicans on extending the debt ceiling ...America Breaking News: Swiss Banks Can Share Data With US on Bern's Say-soSwitzerland's latest bank fix to end its bitter tangle with US tax authorities should do the trick.Bern has, as expected, conjured up a way of getting around the Swiss lower house's resounding rejection of a law that would have enabled banks to release ...America is Under Siege As The Koch Brothers Look to Replace The ConstitutionIn military parlance, a siege is a form of constant, low-intensity conflict with the intent of conquering, by attrition and sustained assaults, an enemy holding a static defensive position with no means of escape or chance of marshaling ...America – the best country in the world?Is America truly the best country in the world? With the 4th of July celebration fresh in our minds, it’s a question worth examining. Some certainly don’t think so. In the pilot episode of HBO’s The Newsroom, main character Will McAvoy ...Ca Senate Passes Bill on Noncitizen Poll WorkersAB817 by Democratic Assemblyman Rob Bonta of Alameda would allow up to five non-citizens to serve at a particular polling site. Those poll workers must be permanent U.S. residents who legally entered the country. The Senate passed the bill Monday on a 22 ...Cheney dynasty? Liz eyes Senate seat in WyomingThe Cheneys may be coming back. Eldest daughter of the former vice president, Liz Cheney seems poised to make a run for U.S. Senate in Wyoming, The New York Times reported Sunday. Cheney has not yet announced her candidacy; prospective primary ...China to Hear Hong Kong Lawmakers as Cries for Suffrage RiseQiao Xiaoyang, chairman of the law committee of the National People’s Congress, said on March 24 that consultations about political reform in Hong Kong shouldn’t start until everybody agrees that the leader of the city “can’t plot to ...Coal Industry To Fight Obama Energy PoliciesWHEELING - The coal industry will flex its political muscle to influence who next will be in the White House and make certain carbon reduction policies announced by President Barack Obama will not soon be enacted, according to Chris Hamilton, vice ...College Democrats student loan resolution fails to pass through SGA SenateA resolution brought before the Student Government Association Senate on Thursday raised some debate about how legislation is handled during the summer, when Senate meets less frequently. Resolution 45-31 was introduced by the College Democrats ...Concerned Veterans for America sponsor event with Senators Cruz and RubioIn West Chester, Concerned Veterans for America is hosting this event live, web-streamed from Washington from 8-10:30 AM at 5430 West Chester Road. Breakfast will be available. To RSVP contact Nathan Martin at CVA: nmartin@ ...Congress criticises Mamata’s attacks on Bengal poll panelDisapproving of West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s attacks on the State Election Commission, the Congress on Monday said statutory bodies should not be degraded by the political leadership which should show respect for such ...Congress delaying military aid to Syrian rebelsAnti-Assad groups have been calling for more advanced weaponry since the government launched a new offensive in central Syria with the help of the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. Government forces are hammering the central city of Homs and have ...Congress flips the bird at serving military for Independence DaySadly Congress is so intent in creating a broken state they have set into motion a chain of events that culminate in serving military stationed at bases in this country from having Fourth of July celebrations. Bases are on restricted budgets ...Congress is on much undeserved recessThere’s distressing irony in the fact that Congress is on Fourth of July recess. With the lowest ratings ever recorded, its members are hardly shining examples of the democracy and leadership the Founding Fathers envisioned. Frankly, Congress ...Congress let students and families downBut for the many students facing new monthly burdens, this Independence Day will ... This bill joined the parade of wolves in sheep's clothing that the House majority has been trotting out all year. The time Congress spends on this kind of ...Congress minority cell to appeal in SC to reschedule WB panchayat pollsKolkata: The minority cell of state Congress is contemplating to appeal in the Supreme Court to reschedule panchayat polls in West Bengal in view of the month of Ramzan, a senior congress leader said. "The situation has compounded due to the ...Congress wins bypoll, claims main opposition space in PMCHowever, other political outfits have been crying foul, claiming that as Congress is an ally of ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in PMC at several other levels, it would be tough for the former to perform the role of a strong opposition.Congress’s diabolical display of affinity for Ishrat is all politicsA disgusting aspect of the Ishrat Jahan case is that the Congress-led UPA Government is not only trying it’s best to come across as a protector of human rights, more so because it portrays Ishrat as an innocent young girl, but it is also ...Controversial immigration package passes Senate, King calls foulWe need to send a bill to the President that will make America stronger, make our border more secure, and make our immigration system more effective." Tom Harkin, along with all 51 other Democrats voting, approved of the bill. The Senate bill, which now ...David Brooks: America’s culture of immigrants is changingDuring the past few decades, American society has been transformed in a fit of absence of mind. First, we’ve gone from a low-immigrant nation to a high-immigrant nation. If you grew up between 1950 and 1985, you grew up at a time when only about 5 ...Defense furloughs off base, lawmakers say“When you look at it, $492 is a Con Edison bill, or a car payment, or child support,” said DiBattista, the president of Chapter 8 of the Association of Civilian Technicians. “Congress has to get their act together, because if I have to ...Del. lawmakers add use of gun during a felony to list of crimes for habitual offender statusDOVER, Delaware — The state House has given final legislative approval to a bill adding the use of a gun during a felony to the list of crimes that can be used to declare a person a habitual criminal offender. House members voted unanimously Sunday for ...Del. Senate OKs proposed amendment on denying bailDelaware's Senate has approved a proposed constitutional amendment allowing bail to be denied for defendants charged with noncapital crimes. The amendment, backed by Attorney General Beau Biden, failed to win the required two-thirds majority in the 21 ...DENNIS LENNOX: What happened to America first?Missing from the ongoing debate over immigration reform is the wing of the Republican Party that used to advocate for an economic policy that was broadly speaking in the national interest. Do not mistake this as a call for a rise of neo-Know ...Dick Durbin: Congress Should Decide Who Qualifies for First Amendment FreedomsIn addition to trying to redefine the Second Amendment as not protecting anyone's right to bear arms, Illinois Senator Dick Durbin is now excited about how to redefine the First Amendment. As with guns, Durbin is trying to limit constitutional ...DMK rules out alliance with Congress in future pollsKanimozhi who won the Rajya Sabha elections on Thursday was elected to the Upper House of the Indian Parliament for the second time as her current term is scheduled to end next month. The former Chief Minister’s daughter won the polls due to ...Donald Trump tells Register he knows how to solve America's problemsA lot of people don’t. And I watch ... visits here to speak to religious conservatives, a small but influential slice of the GOP caucus voting base, it raises suspicions that the politician is auditioning for president. “No, I’m not ...DO CONSERVATIVES HATE OBAMA MORE THAN THEY LOVE AMERICA?NEW YORK, N.Y., Oct. 13, 2009 -- When we finally get far enough down the road on health care reform, it will become clear that a driving force in the intensity of the fight was a heart attack. Not the medical kind. The political kind. Independents swung ...Early in-person voting bill gets Maine Senate approvalMichael Shaw, D-Standish, would change the Maine Constitution ... Except for two pilot programs, all early voting in Maine to date has been done by absentee ballot. The two pilot programs -- in a handful of cities and towns in 2007 and 2009 -- drew rave ...Enrile to run for Senate president but…MANILA, Philippines – Senator Juan Ponce-Enrile confirmed that he would run for Senate president when Congress opens on July 22, but only to become the leader of the new opposition in the chamber. While he has no ...Explore Obama Mortgage Relief Plan 2013 For Underwater Homeowners“Homeowners worried about underwater mortgages or suffering from refinancing woes owing to bad credit situation or facing risk of foreclosure, can hope for a good solution with President Obama mortgage relief plan. The Making Home Affordable ...George F. Will: The never-mind presidency of Barack ObamaAt this intermission in the immigration debate, with House Republicans preparing to look askance at the Senate’s handiwork, the argument is becoming ever stranger. It has reached a boil, especially concerning border security, at a moment when ...George Will: Obama’s never-mind presidencyThe PPACA remains unpopular, and there are congressional elections in years divisible by two — not even the Obama administration can ignore that constitutional fact — so last Tuesday, the administration said this about the act’s mandate ...Gov. Bobby Jindal says no to U.S. Senate race in 2014She already has attracted two potential Republican challengers: U.S. Rep. Bill Cassidy, a Baton Rouge doctor elected to Congress in 2008, and Rob Maness, a retired Air Force colonel and tea party supporter from Madisonville. Establishment ...Gowdy to Senate: Security a priority for immigration reformEveryone agrees it’s important to improve border security, Gowdy said, “but I cannot sell in South Carolina a border security plan where the security comes after the legalization. I can’t sell a border security plan where (Secretary of ...Hollywood spies on Obama limoWhen you’re tasked with building a working replica of the world’s most closely guarded vehicle for use in a Hollywood blockbuster, don’t expect any help from the Secret Service. That’s what the guys responsible for the nearly 5-ton ...House, Senate passes budget in favor of Corbett planThe state budget bill is now signed by Governor Tom Corbett after approval by the House and Senate. The 111 to 92 vote happened late Sunday night. It was a victory for Corbett and republicans who pushed through a $28.4 billion spending plan. They said it ...House lawmakers take up immigration measure to uncertain but perilous prospectsRepublicans, she advised, should follow the Senate lead "if they ever want to win a presidential race ... Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill. "If he decides to do that, we will then end in a stalemate and an impasse once again." But an immigration bill ...How does immigration reform benefit America?Also, allowing companies to have a multimillion dollar advantage by hiring these immigrants and bypassing The Obama health care plan. Thursday the Senate committee passed an immigration reform bill that would create a pathway to citizenship for ...Illinois Lawmakers To Decide On Concealed Carry BillSPRINGFIELD, IL (KTVI) – The clock is ticking; Illinois lawmakers have until tomorrow to legalize concealed carry. Governor Pat Quinn says he’s ready for a showdown at the State Capitol tomorrow over his amendatory veto of the concealed ...Immigration reform in the House looks uncertain as lawmakers quarrel(CNN) — Two top lawmakers in the House immigration reform effort battled Sunday over how a compromise could be obtained in the Republican-controlled chamber, after the Democrat-controlled Senate passed sweeping reform legislation last week.In video, Democrat Staci Appel says she'd 'get things done' in Congress (challenging Tom Latham)And it means better schools and more affordable health care, she says. She ruled out a bid for Congress earlier this year, but is now back on the campaign trail. Appel, a former state senator from Ackworth, filed papers last week with the ...Ironically, Obama's delay of Obamacare implementation is itself unconstitutionalIf Obama and Democrats cared about the impact this law would have on businesses, they would not have included the mandate - which requires businesses with 50 or more full-time employees to provide them with expensive health insurance coverage- in the first ...IS SARAH PALIN THE MOST DANGEROUS WOMAN IN AMERICA?But it was not Cain's tax plan that was at the heart of the Republican activists' message to Perry, Romney and six other candidates who appeared with him at the Fox News/Google/YouTube Presidentiasl V Debate on Thursday. Instead, the vote should have told ...JUI-F fails to win PML-N support for Senate seatISLAMABAD: Despite allout efforts, the JUI-F finds itself on a limb after its failure to gain support of the PML-N for its candidate on one of the two vacant Senate seats from Balochistan. Sources told Dawn that the leaders of the two parties ...KRUGMAN HITS BULL'S EYE ON 'AMERICA GOES DARK'DUMMERSTON, Vt. -- Some have argued that there's little that's new about the U.S. war on Afghanistan in last week's document dump by WikiLeaks. These people are wrong. The release of 92,000 pages of classified material chronicling how the Afghan war was ...'A Good Story Always Beats the Facts' When Maine Lawmakers Craft LegislationAUGUSTA, Maine — If you want to drink a pint of Guinness before 9 a.m. on a Sunday when it’s St. Patrick’s Day in Maine you can now, thanks largely to a good story. One tavern owner — a longtime Republican — suggested the idea to Rep.83. Those are great goals but we have to get total control of Congress first including a filibusterproof majority in the Senate. (Or do away with the filibuster altogether.) You know that there is a snowball's chance in hell that SS will be strengthened or that Medicare for All will pass as long as the Tea Party controls the House. And with ...Abortion battle reignited across AmericaHundreds of people are expected to take part in demonstrations in Texas later tonight as the debate over abortion becomes a flashpoint issue in the United States again. After Democratic state Senator Wendy Davis pulled off a 12-hour filibuster ...Albert R. Hunt: Obama’s legacy may hinge on summer’s achievementsmore people start signing up for President Obama’s health care law; and even though no fiscal grand bargain is in the offing, an improving economy gives the president a stronger hand in dealing with Republicans on extending the debt ceiling ...America Breaking News: Swiss Banks Can Share Data With US on Bern's Say-soSwitzerland's latest bank fix to end its bitter tangle with US tax authorities should do the trick.Bern has, as expected, conjured up a way of getting around the Swiss lower house's resounding rejection of a law that would have enabled banks to release ...America is Under Siege As The Koch Brothers Look to Replace The ConstitutionIn military parlance, a siege is a form of constant, low-intensity conflict with the intent of conquering, by attrition and sustained assaults, an enemy holding a static defensive position with no means of escape or chance of marshaling ...America – the best country in the world?Is America truly the best country in the world? With the 4th of July celebration fresh in our minds, it’s a question worth examining. Some certainly don’t think so. In the pilot episode of HBO’s The Newsroom, main character Will McAvoy ...Ca Senate Passes Bill on Noncitizen Poll WorkersAB817 by Democratic Assemblyman Rob Bonta of Alameda would allow up to five non-citizens to serve at a particular polling site. Those poll workers must be permanent U.S. residents who legally entered the country. The Senate passed the bill Monday on a 22 ...Cheney dynasty? Liz eyes Senate seat in WyomingThe Cheneys may be coming back. Eldest daughter of the former vice president, Liz Cheney seems poised to make a run for U.S. Senate in Wyoming, The New York Times reported Sunday. Cheney has not yet announced her candidacy; prospective primary ...China to Hear Hong Kong Lawmakers as Cries for Suffrage RiseQiao Xiaoyang, chairman of the law committee of the National People’s Congress, said on March 24 that consultations about political reform in Hong Kong shouldn’t start until everybody agrees that the leader of the city “can’t plot to ...Coal Industry To Fight Obama Energy PoliciesWHEELING - The coal industry will flex its political muscle to influence who next will be in the White House and make certain carbon reduction policies announced by President Barack Obama will not soon be enacted, according to Chris Hamilton, vice ...College Democrats student loan resolution fails to pass through SGA SenateA resolution brought before the Student Government Association Senate on Thursday raised some debate about how legislation is handled during the summer, when Senate meets less frequently. Resolution 45-31 was introduced by the College Democrats ...Concerned Veterans for America sponsor event with Senators Cruz and RubioIn West Chester, Concerned Veterans for America is hosting this event live, web-streamed from Washington from 8-10:30 AM at 5430 West Chester Road. Breakfast will be available. To RSVP contact Nathan Martin at CVA: nmartin@ ...Congress criticises Mamata’s attacks on Bengal poll panelDisapproving of West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s attacks on the State Election Commission, the Congress on Monday said statutory bodies should not be degraded by the political leadership which should show respect for such ...Congress delaying military aid to Syrian rebelsAnti-Assad groups have been calling for more advanced weaponry since the government launched a new offensive in central Syria with the help of the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. Government forces are hammering the central city of Homs and have ...Congress flips the bird at serving military for Independence DaySadly Congress is so intent in creating a broken state they have set into motion a chain of events that culminate in serving military stationed at bases in this country from having Fourth of July celebrations. Bases are on restricted budgets ...Congress is on much undeserved recessThere’s distressing irony in the fact that Congress is on Fourth of July recess. With the lowest ratings ever recorded, its members are hardly shining examples of the democracy and leadership the Founding Fathers envisioned. Frankly, Congress ...Congress let students and families downBut for the many students facing new monthly burdens, this Independence Day will ... This bill joined the parade of wolves in sheep's clothing that the House majority has been trotting out all year. The time Congress spends on this kind of ...Congress minority cell to appeal in SC to reschedule WB panchayat pollsKolkata: The minority cell of state Congress is contemplating to appeal in the Supreme Court to reschedule panchayat polls in West Bengal in view of the month of Ramzan, a senior congress leader said. "The situation has compounded due to the ...Congress wins bypoll, claims main opposition space in PMCHowever, other political outfits have been crying foul, claiming that as Congress is an ally of ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in PMC at several other levels, it would be tough for the former to perform the role of a strong opposition.Congress’s diabolical display of affinity for Ishrat is all politicsA disgusting aspect of the Ishrat Jahan case is that the Congress-led UPA Government is not only trying it’s best to come across as a protector of human rights, more so because it portrays Ishrat as an innocent young girl, but it is also ...Controversial immigration package passes Senate, King calls foulWe need to send a bill to the President that will make America stronger, make our border more secure, and make our immigration system more effective." Tom Harkin, along with all 51 other Democrats voting, approved of the bill. The Senate bill, which now ...David Brooks: America’s culture of immigrants is changingDuring the past few decades, American society has been transformed in a fit of absence of mind. First, we’ve gone from a low-immigrant nation to a high-immigrant nation. If you grew up between 1950 and 1985, you grew up at a time when only about 5 ...Defense furloughs off base, lawmakers say“When you look at it, $492 is a Con Edison bill, or a car payment, or child support,” said DiBattista, the president of Chapter 8 of the Association of Civilian Technicians. “Congress has to get their act together, because if I have to ...Del. lawmakers add use of gun during a felony to list of crimes for habitual offender statusDOVER, Delaware — The state House has given final legislative approval to a bill adding the use of a gun during a felony to the list of crimes that can be used to declare a person a habitual criminal offender. House members voted unanimously Sunday for ...Del. Senate OKs proposed amendment on denying bailDelaware's Senate has approved a proposed constitutional amendment allowing bail to be denied for defendants charged with noncapital crimes. The amendment, backed by Attorney General Beau Biden, failed to win the required two-thirds majority in the 21 ...DENNIS LENNOX: What happened to America first?Missing from the ongoing debate over immigration reform is the wing of the Republican Party that used to advocate for an economic policy that was broadly speaking in the national interest. Do not mistake this as a call for a rise of neo-Know ...Dick Durbin: Congress Should Decide Who Qualifies for First Amendment FreedomsIn addition to trying to redefine the Second Amendment as not protecting anyone's right to bear arms, Illinois Senator Dick Durbin is now excited about how to redefine the First Amendment. As with guns, Durbin is trying to limit constitutional ...DMK rules out alliance with Congress in future pollsKanimozhi who won the Rajya Sabha elections on Thursday was elected to the Upper House of the Indian Parliament for the second time as her current term is scheduled to end next month. The former Chief Minister’s daughter won the polls due to ...Donald Trump tells Register he knows how to solve America's problemsA lot of people don’t. And I watch ... visits here to speak to religious conservatives, a small but influential slice of the GOP caucus voting base, it raises suspicions that the politician is auditioning for president. “No, I’m not ...DO CONSERVATIVES HATE OBAMA MORE THAN THEY LOVE AMERICA?NEW YORK, N.Y., Oct. 13, 2009 -- When we finally get far enough down the road on health care reform, it will become clear that a driving force in the intensity of the fight was a heart attack. Not the medical kind. The political kind. Independents swung ...Early in-person voting bill gets Maine Senate approvalMichael Shaw, D-Standish, would change the Maine Constitution ... Except for two pilot programs, all early voting in Maine to date has been done by absentee ballot. The two pilot programs -- in a handful of cities and towns in 2007 and 2009 -- drew rave ...Enrile to run for Senate president but…MANILA, Philippines – Senator Juan Ponce-Enrile confirmed that he would run for Senate president when Congress opens on July 22, but only to become the leader of the new opposition in the chamber. While he has no ...Explore Obama Mortgage Relief Plan 2013 For Underwater Homeowners“Homeowners worried about underwater mortgages or suffering from refinancing woes owing to bad credit situation or facing risk of foreclosure, can hope for a good solution with President Obama mortgage relief plan. The Making Home Affordable ...George F. Will: The never-mind presidency of Barack ObamaAt this intermission in the immigration debate, with House Republicans preparing to look askance at the Senate’s handiwork, the argument is becoming ever stranger. It has reached a boil, especially concerning border security, at a moment when ...George Will: Obama’s never-mind presidencyThe PPACA remains unpopular, and there are congressional elections in years divisible by two — not even the Obama administration can ignore that constitutional fact — so last Tuesday, the administration said this about the act’s mandate ...Gov. Bobby Jindal says no to U.S. Senate race in 2014She already has attracted two potential Republican challengers: U.S. Rep. Bill Cassidy, a Baton Rouge doctor elected to Congress in 2008, and Rob Maness, a retired Air Force colonel and tea party supporter from Madisonville. Establishment ...Gowdy to Senate: Security a priority for immigration reformEveryone agrees it’s important to improve border security, Gowdy said, “but I cannot sell in South Carolina a border security plan where the security comes after the legalization. I can’t sell a border security plan where (Secretary of ...Hollywood spies on Obama limoWhen you’re tasked with building a working replica of the world’s most closely guarded vehicle for use in a Hollywood blockbuster, don’t expect any help from the Secret Service. That’s what the guys responsible for the nearly 5-ton ...House, Senate passes budget in favor of Corbett planThe state budget bill is now signed by Governor Tom Corbett after approval by the House and Senate. The 111 to 92 vote happened late Sunday night. It was a victory for Corbett and republicans who pushed through a $28.4 billion spending plan. They said it ...House lawmakers take up immigration measure to uncertain but perilous prospectsRepublicans, sLautenbergs Attack Booker, Back Pallone for SenateNBC New York: Well-known for throwing political barbs, U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg aimed most of them in the last months of his life at Newark Mayor Cory Booker, who had announced he was thinking about running for Lautenberg’s seat. Now, a ...Lawmakers, call for attention: social abuse needs updates (Video)All ... do. In other words, the social abusive behavior may miss key elements of traditional abusive behavior (physical, verbal and sexual), but it is even more dangerous since abuse emotionally, socially and prevent socialization of the right ...Lawmakers act on univ. autonomy, 911 tax, tiered sex offender systemLawmakers also signed off on a bill that would set up a three-tier system for classifying sex offenders. The new classification system is intended to distinguish those at highest risk of becoming a repeat offender from those that have served ...Local lawmakers sponsor marriage equality billState Reps. Brian Sims, D-182, and Steve McCarter, D-154, announced June 28 they will introduce a bill to provide civil marriage equality into the Republican-controlled House of Representatives. Among the many co-sponsors of the bill are state Rep.Main Line family celebrates 375th anniversary in AmericaThis summer the descendants of John and Mary Benson, who came to America in 1638 from Caversham, England on the ship Confidence, held a reunion at Lackawanna State Park, near Scranton. Those first Bensons, who landed 18 years after the Mayflower ...Minn. Lawmakers Try to Stop Retail Synthetic Drug SalesThe Select Committee on Synthetic Drugs and Controlled Substances will hold its first hearing to address the retail sale of synthetic drugs. The committee, chaired by DFL Representative Erik Simonson, will consider what's known as a "Look Alike ...Minnesota lawmakers who voted in favor of same-sex marriage get help from PACST. PAUL – Some of the state legislators who voted to legalize same-sex marriage in Minnesota this year will receive some extra help in their re-election campaigns – whether they want it or not. ST. PAUL – Some of the state legislators who ...More work to be done - Racism still exists post ObamaProfessor at Harvard University in the United States and mentor to President Barrack Obama, Charles Ogletree, has declared that more work needs to be done in overcoming the issue of racism as blacks still encounter discrimination worldwide.MSNBC's Schultz Spews: GOP 'Attacking Minorities' By Opposing Obama's EffortsThe board also criticized a Brooklyn division of Cablevision ... Now, with all of that, we have added 40 months of private sector job growth with no help from the Republicans. We'll talk about that in the next segment. But I want this country ...Obama's Court Marks Churches for DeathThe American Catholic Church, along with any other religious institution that resists granting "equal status" to homosexuality, is about to be killed. If you doubt this, just wait and see. The death sentence has been issued and the U.S. Supreme ...Obama's foreign policy fumbles in Egypt-- a major new challenge for the Obama administration oversees Egypt it is certainly on the brink. After the overthrow of a freely elected president and the return what looks like military rule and now there are growing fears. The country's ...Obama, Bush heading to the same African cityCAPE TOWN, South Africa — President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush are planning to be in the same city a world away from home, but the question is whether they will get together. The Democratic president was to fly Monday ...Obama administration plans no cutoff in aidWASHINGTON — The Obama administration signaled Monday that U.S. national security interests will trump its promotion of Egypt's budding democracy, stressing the importance of continued aid to the Egyptian military, which overthrew the elected president ...Obama and Bush both heading to Tanzania's capital city, but the question is whether they meetHis Republican predecessor coincidentally also plans to be there for a conference on African women organized by the George W. Bush Institute. Their wives plan to team up at the conference Tuesday for a joint discussion on promoting women's education ...Obama Infatuation Means Never Having to Say You're SorryBut tell me, do you have a clear sense of what moral purpose drives our president? Ouch! The writer is scornful of Time magazine's Managing Editor, Rick Stengel, who "could not resist comparing his hero [Mandela] to another tall, serene ...Obama is as embarrassing as BushWe have a new contender. President Barack Obama pulled off the scam of the new millennium when he convinced people that he was a refreshing change from Bush. He was the liberal minded, highly intelligent, polished alternative to the years of Bush disasters.Obama laying out vision for good governance(AP) President Barack Obama is laying out a vision for better government services delivered at lower taxpayer expense. Obama was meeting with his Cabinet Monday morning to discuss his second-term plan for smarter government. He then plans to ...Obama Lingers in Mandela’s Robben Island CellPresident Obama Sunday lingered in the tiny desolate Robben Island cell that was once upon a time occupied by the former South African President Nelson Mandela for 18 years of his 27 year imprisonment. Reports say Mr. Obama lingered in the cell alone and ...Obama nominates Hagel as Defense Secretary, Brennan for CIAWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Monday nominated Chuck Hagel, a former Republican senator, as his next defense secretary and counterterrorism adviser John Brennan to head the CIA, urging the U.S. Senate to confirm them quickly. Hagel, a ...Obama picks Hagel for defense, Brennan for CIAWASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Monday nominated former Republican Senator Chuck Hagel as his next defense secretary and counterterrorism adviser John Brennan to head the CIA, potentially setting up a Senate confirmation battle on two ...Obama Sees 2013 Deficit Lowest in Five Years, GDP Growth at 2.0%The Obama administration projects that the federal budget deficit will drop to the lowest level in five years, $759 billion for the year ending Sept. 30, as the economy improves and tax collections increase. The Office of Management and Budget ...Oregon lawmakers push toward adjournmentThe committee also advanced measures that would legalize marijuana dispensaries and require an external audit of TriMet, the Portland-area's transit district.Pa. lawmakers approve new budget, but Gov. Corbett's agenda stalledHARRISBURG, Pa. – The main Pennsylvania state budget bill was sent to Gov. Tom Corbett Sunday night, a victory for the Republican governor and his legislative allies that was clouded by uncertainty over the fate of his other legislative ...Pa. Senate sends Medicaid bill to hostile House as lawmakers' session winds downTom Corbett to seek federal approval for an expansion of Medicaid eligibility to hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvanians, although it faces death in the more conservative House of Representatives where Republican leaders have vowed not to bring it to a ...Pat Robertson says America will be 'vomited out of the land' for tolerating gay rightsPat Robertson, who despite you giving me that look right now is one of the most powerful televangelists in the nation, and yes that is depressingly still a thing, and who has had a lifetime of being looked kindly upon by American presidents and ...PA Budget Live Blog: Lawmakers plan to extend tax that was set to go extinctHARRISBURG – There are few things harder to kill than a tax. Finally, it was promised ... on the floor before the vote objected to the plan, saying it didn’t do enough for educating Pennsylvania’s public school students, or helping ...PA Senate and House pass $28.4 billion budgetThe PA Senate passed the 2013-14 state budget just before 4:00pm Sunday. Republican State Senator Jake Corman says the $28.4 billion spending plan, which is a 2.3% increase over current year spending is a plan that holds the line on spending, while ...PBS’s Gwen Ifill Bemoans Obama’s Scandals as Second-Term ‘Distractions’During the course of the reflections, moderator Gwen Ifill trotted out the oft-uttered liberal complaint about “distractions” that have impeded President Obama’s second ... of Associated Press phone records, and most recently the revelatio ...Pennsylvania lawmakers pass budget but no pension reform(Reuters) - Pennsylvania lawmakers passed a nearly $28.4 billion budget for fiscal 2014 on Sunday, but they pushed back consideration of a controversial public pension bill until fall. Lawmakers postponed consideration of Republican Governor Tom ...Politics Breaking News: Unproductive Congress: How Stalemates Became the Norm in Washington DCThe much-criticized 112th Congress - from 2011 to 2012 - was the least productive and least popular Congress on record. After the last Congress saw its approval ratings drop to their lowest levels, a Gallup survey found that just 10 percent of ...President Obama meets Congressional Black CaucusPresident Barack Obama is meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus members on Tuesday morning for the first time in a couple of years, as Politico reported Monday on the White House’s confirmation of the meeting. The agenda for the meeting ...Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee gives Tarn Taran girl Rs 2.5LCHANDIGARH: Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) on Sunday gave Rs 2.5 lakh cheque to Jaswinder Kaur, the Tarn Taran dalit girl who was assaulted by Punjab cops in full public view in March. The incident involving Kaur had invoked the ire of ...Quick action from Congress needed on voting rightsCongress under George W. Bush, in 2006, voted overwhelmingly — 98-0 in the Senate and 390-33 in the House — to extend the Voting Rights Act, including the existing preclearance provisions for certain states, for another 25 years. Yet, on Tuesday, the ...RedBlue America: What do rulings on gay marriage and voting rights say about this Supreme Court?We learned last week that there's less to conservative judicial philosophy than meets the eye. All that talk you've heard in recent years about "judicial activism" and "judicial restraint" is just so much sound and fury, signifying nothing.Register Exclusive: Donald Trump tells Register he knows how to solve America's problemsDonald Trump believes he’d be better suited to tackle some of America’s problems than President Barack Obama — and that includes repairing strained relations between Moscow and Washington, stopping China from taking advantage of the United ...Remembering 19 of America’s Elite Firefighting CrewThis tragedy comes days after Obama’s roll-out of his Climate Change Action Plan which he spends time focusing on supporting communities to better prepare for climate change impacts. Many states in the West including California will face more wildfires ...Rep. Gowdy: "The Senate Bill Is Not Going To Pass In The House"JOHN ROBERTS: I assume you heard Senator Schumer talking about immigration. He is fairly positive, he has a bold prediction: the House eventually will pass the Senate bill. What do you say? REP. TREY GOWDY (R-S.C.): Well, I was moved ...Rick Perry, America's longest-serving governor, won't seek re-electionThe governor of Texas was well-liked in his home state, but foundered nationally when he ran for president in 2012. SAN ANTONIO — Gov. Rick Perry was a champion of fiercely conservative social activism long before the tea party was born. He oversaw the ...Rundown on reports: Lawmakers requests 133 new ones this yearAOT’s assignments now only consist of the “bread and butter reports,” Cole said, which provide lawmakers with updates about key thing, such as the condition ... size workbook icon on far right of gray bar at bottom):Schools chief may meet with lawmakers on FridayThe House and Senate leaders, sitting as the Legislature's Management Council, will decide whether to impanel a ... The team issued an 185-page report that contained accounts of possible misuse of the state airplane, improper spending and employee ...Schumer needles Boehner, claims House will pass Senate immigration billIn a bold prediction that immediately agitated Republicans, Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer claimed Sunday that the House ultimately will pass the Senate's comprehensive immigration bill -- despite House Speaker John Boehner's claims to the contrary.Season of discontent in CongressBHUBANESWAR: Notwithstanding AICC general secretary in charge of Odisha BK Hariprasad's statement that there are no differences in the state Congress, a group of senior leaders opposed to Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Jayadev Jena ...Sen. LeBreton calls Senate expenses scandal "trying"Government Senate Leader Marjory LeBreton says the Senate expenses scandal-which has rocked the government and the Prime Minister's Office for months, has seen the resignations of three Conservative Senators and one Liberal from their parties ...Senate candidate Handel stumps in AthensHandel will face off against U.S. Reps. Paul Broun of Athens, Phil Gingrey of Marietta and Jack Kingston of Savannah, and activist Derrick Grayson in the Republican primary next summer. They will be contending to replace retiring U.S. Sen.Senate confirms Wyoming AG for appeals court seatPhillips will serve on a court that is based in Denver and covers appellate cases from Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, parts of Oklahoma, Utah and Wyoming. The Senate voted unanimously, 88-0 on Monday, to confirm Phillips. Phillips is a Democrat, but had the ...Senate passes bill on noncitizen poll workersSACRAMENTO, Calif. -- The state Senate on Monday approved legislation that would allow immigrants who are not U.S. citizens to assist voters casting a ballot. The measure from Assemblyman Rob Bonta, D-Alameda, would allow for up to five non ...State lawmakers head back to work for special sessionAUSTIN -- State lawmakers head back to work Monday for another special session. The first ended in dramatic fashion last week, with a now-famous filibuster. Democratic state Senator Wendy Davis talked for more than 12 hours straight to keep the ...Stevens wins Senate confirmation to join Pa. Supreme Court; brings court back to full strengthHARRISBURG, Pennsylvania — Pennsylvania's Supreme Court got back up to full strength on Sunday with the unanimous confirmation in the state Senate of Correale Stevens as its newest justice. The Senate voted 50-0 in favor of Stevens, a former ...Student loan fight heats up as Congress returns from breakWashington (CNN) - House Republican leaders returned to Capitol Hill on Monday after a one week break and immediately blamed Senate Democrats and the White House for a hike on interest rates for an estimated seven million students who plan to ...Summer Vacation Itinerary For President Obama: Obstruction Tour Across AmericaGo back to Kentucky and tell Senator Mitch McConnell’s constituents, “I’m the President, and I’ve got a bridge to sell you, one that would create jobs but your Senator is blocking.” Next, take the Presidential limousine eastbound to Ohio ...Summoning Mandela, Obama urges youth to claim the future, vows to expand electricity in AfricaArticle by: JULIE PACE , AP White House Correspondent Updated: June 30, 2013 - 2:45 PM CAPE TOWN, South Africa — Challenging African youth to seize a "moment of great promise," President Barack Obama declared Sunday that the future of the ...Supreme Court vacancy filled by state Senatea state appeals court. He will assume the seat held most recently by Joan Orie Melvin, who resigned May 1 following her conviction on charges she used government employees to help her political campaigns. Mr. Stevens, a Republican, returns the court to a 4 ...Texas Senate hears abortion testimony, as activists flood Capitol againAs sweeping abortion regulations continued to speed toward passage in the Texas Legislature, thousands of people on both sides of the debate flooded the Capitol again Monday for competing rallies and for the second special session’s final public hearing ...The double standard regarding Obama's 'stimulus' initiativesLiberals insist President Barack Obama's "stimulus" program has worked to pull the nation out of the economic doldrums. Yet when it is suggested social programs expanded - allegedly temporarily - to help victims of the recession can be pared back, they resist.The Members of Congress Who Want to Reform NSA SurveillanceNancy Pelosi of California, the House Minority Leader, and Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, according to the Post. Here's the breakdown by chamber. Darker colors indicate support, with red representing Republicans and blue, Democrats. Clearly, even the most ...The Real Traitors to America are in Washington and New YorkWhy hasn't Vance, at least, indicted some of the big banks, which many knowledgeable analysts and critics have said are little more than giant organized crime syndicates, in some cases such as B of A, Citibank and HSBC actually knowingly laundering vast ...The Week Ahead: Congress begins to fritter away the summer with more gridlock, Obama-bashingWelcome to Texas on the Potomac’s “The Week Ahead,” a preview of events to come on Capitol Hill and at the White House this week. This week’s report was written by William K. Moore of ViaNovo. Congress spent the Independence Day recess ...Two lawmakers hope to jump-start stalled venture capital billMay 29, 2013 |Wed May 29 19:01:00 PDT 2013 Madison — A bipartisan pair of lawmakers Wednesday sought to jump-start a stalled $25 million venture capital bill by removing the ... Read Full Article (1) The Brewers open a three-game series ...U.S. Senate candidates fundraising outpace previous racesWASHINGTON – U.S. Sen. Mary Landrieu increased her fundraising lead over her 2014 reelection opponent, U.S. Rep. Bill Cassidy with both of them raising more than $1 million each during the second quarter of the year. Landrieu, D-La., will announce on ...Undocumented youth from across America to rally in front of Capitol to push Congress to pass immigration reformHundreds of undocumented youth — who call themselves “Dreamers” — and their families are planning a mock citizenship ceremony in Washington D.C. on Wednesday to urge the House of Representatives to pass immigration reform. "We are ready ...Uproot corrupt SAD-BJP alliance: Shakeel Ahmed to Punjab CongressWe need to explain to our young that what matters for college admissions is often ... Her long journey started from Burma. Read on... CHANDIGARH: AICC general secretary and in-charge of party affairs of Punjab Shakeel Ahmed today called upon ...US Lawmakers Discuss Aid to Syrian RebelsThe Obama administration recently announced a boost in U.S. support for Syrian rebels fighting to oust President Bashar al-Assad, including limited American military aid. U.S. lawmakers disagree on the scale and immediacy of what should be provided to the ...US says immediate cutoff of aid to Egyptian military would hurt America’s security interestsAs violence blazed between security forces and supporters of ousted Islamist President Mohammed Morsi, the White House and State Department both urged the military to exercise ... the physical removal from office of a democratically elected ...Voters head to polls in Bay State Senate raceBOSTON – Republican Gabriel Gomez and Democrat Edward Markey cranked up their get-out-the-vote efforts Monday, knocking on doors, calling voters and holding rallies across the state in the final hours before Massachusetts' special election for ...Votes in CongressGreat Lakes drilling ban • Members defeated ... Shimkus (R-Ill.), Davis (R-Ill.) Southern California ban • Members defeated, 176-241, an attempt by Democrats to strip HR 2231 (above) of its provision to lift a ban on energy drilling offshore from ...Warren urges Senate to confirm consumer watchdogElizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who was a driving ... who also charged that opposition to confirming him is "about keeping the game rigged, so the system continues to work for big financial institutions and corporations but not consumers."Why Democracy Works In America, Not In EgyptThe American Revolution succeeded because the American people, at the time of the American Revolution in 1776, had been governing themselves for nearly two centuries. Even though nominally under British rule, the British government, for the most part, left ...Will not have alliance with Congress for LS polls, says DMKMadurai: Scotching speculation of a tie-up, DMK on Sunday ruled out possibility of an alliance with the Congress in the coming Lok Sabha elections and made it clear it only sought the support of that party in the Rajya Sabha polls. "Seeking the support of ...Wisconsin Budget Includes $1 Million Taxpayer Giveaway for Well-Funded Teach for AmericaWisconsin's 2013-2015 biennial budget sits on Governor Walker's desk awaiting ... few-benefits Wal-Mart model of doing business) announced a massive $49.5 million grant to Teach for America, "half of the Walton Family Foundation grant will go towards ...With Dems on Defensive, GOP Has Chance to Recapture SenateWhat's the outlook for the 2014 Senate elections? The Republicans once again have a chance to overturn the Democrats' majority, as they did in 2010 and 2012. Much attention has been focused on whether Republicans this time will nominate ...You can’t hold S-West zonal congress – Oni tells PDPCrisis over the planned South-West Zonal Congress of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, deepened, weekend, as former Governor of Ekiti State, Chief Segun Oni told the Deputy President of the Senate and Secretary, Special Convention Planning Committee ...